Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item 2. Properties 23 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial Data 26 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 37 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 39 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 71 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 71 Item 9B. Other Information 73 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 73 Item 11. Executive Compensation 73 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 73 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 73 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 73 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 74 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 76 2 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward ‑ looking statements” within meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by the (‘Exchange Act”) that are based on the views and beliefs of management, as well as assumptions and estimates made by management. Actual results could differ materially from such forward ‑ looking statements as a result of various risk factors, including those that may not be in the control of management. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements. Words such as “estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “potential,” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: • the planned opening of approximately 20 to 25 American Eagle stores and approximately 60 Aerie locations, including 25 to 30 OFFLINE stores, which will be a mix of stand-alones and Aerie side-by-side, during Fiscal 2021; • the anticipated selection of approximately 35 to 45 American Eagle and Aerie stores in the U.S. and Canada for remodeling during Fiscal 2021; • the potential closure of approximately 60 to 80 American Eagle and five to 10 Aerie stores at the expiration of their lease term, primarily in North America, during Fiscal 2021; • the success of our core American Eagle and Aerie brands through our omni-channel and licensed outlets within North America and internationally; • the success of our business priorities and strategies; • the continued validity of our trademarks; • our performance during the year-end holiday selling season; • the accuracy of the estimates and assumptions we make pursuant to our critical accounting policies and estimates; • the payment of a dividend in future periods; • the possibility that future access to the debt markets may not be available, or available at terms or interest rates that are attractive; • the availability of sufficient cash flow to fund anticipated capital expenditures, future dividends, and working capital requirements; • the possibility that product costs are adversely affected by foreign trade issues (including import tariffs and other trade restrictions with China and other countries), currency exchange rate fluctuations, increasing prices for raw materials, supply chain issues, political instability or other reasons; • the possibility that changes in global economic and financial conditions, and resulting impacts on consumer confidence and consumer spending, as well as other changes in consumer discretionary spending habits; and • the possibility that we may be required to take additional impairment or other restructuring charges. • Our forward-looking statements surrounding the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) include, but are not limited to statements about: • the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global economic conditions, our customers’ discretionary income and freedom of movement; • the currently unknown duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including a potential resurgence in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 or beyond; • the impact of governmental regulations that have been, and may in the future be, imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including regulations that could adversely affect our business or cause us to cease our digital business if we are required to close our distribution and fulfillment centers or are otherwise unable to acquire or deliver merchandise, or to close our recently reopened retail stores; • the deterioration in economic conditions in the U.S., which could have an impact on discretionary consumer spending; • the ability of our distribution centers to maintain adequate staffing to meet increased customer demand; • the possibility of temporary furloughs of store, field, and corporate associates surrounded by store closures; • the reduction of operating expenses; and • the uncertainties surrounding whether currently open stores will remain open. Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Potential risk factors include the risk factors discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” under Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 3 PART I Item 1. Business. Company Overview American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (” the “Company,” “we,” and “our”) is a leading global specialty retailer. We operate and license over 1,300 retail stores worldwide and are online at www.ae.com and www.aerie.com in the U.S. and internationally. Our brands are connected under the core tenet of REAL , which is inclusive, optimistic, empowering and celebrates self-expression. Our purpose is to show the world that there's REAL power in the optimism of youth. We offer a broad assortment of high quality, on-trend apparel, accessories, and personal care products at affordable prices for men and women under the American Eagle (or “AE”) brand, and intimates, apparel, active wear, and swim collections under the Aerie brand. We sell directly to consumers through our retail channel, which includes our stores and concession-based shop-within-shops. We operate stores in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Hong Kong. We also have license agreements with third parties to operate American Eagle and Aerie stores throughout Asia, Europe, India, Latin America, and the Middle East. We also operate Todd Snyder New York (“Todd Snyder”), a premium menswear brand. Operating Segments Effective January 30, 2021, we revised our reportable segment structure and have two reportable segments, American Eagle and Aerie. While our strategy, organizational structure and day-to-day operations remain largely unchanged, we believe the new segment reporting structure provides additional and helpful transparency into our operations. See Note 15. “Segment Reporting,” of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. Fiscal Year Our fiscal year is a 52- or 53-week year that ends on the Saturday nearest to January 31. As used herein, “Fiscal 2021” refers to the 52-week period that will end on January 29, 2022. “Fiscal 2020” refers to the 52-week period ended January 30, 2021, “Fiscal 2019” refers to the 52-week period ended February 1, 2020, and “Fiscal 2018” refers to the 52-week period ended February 2, 2019. Brands American Eagle American Eagle is an American brand rooted in our denim heritage and passionate about providing the highest-quality products. Since 1977, American Eagle has offered an assortment of specialty apparel and accessories for women and men that enables self-expression and empowers our customers to celebrate their individuality. The AE brand has broadened its leadership in jeans by producing innovative fabric with options for all styles and fits at a value. We aren’t just passionate about making great clothing; we’re passionate about making real connections with the people who wear them. Our AE brand includes Tailgate, our vintage, sports-inspired apparel clothing brand. As of January 30, 2021, we operated 901 AE stores. We offer AE products online at www.ae.com . Aerie Aerie is a lifestyle brand offering intimates, apparel, active wear, and swim collections. With the #AerieREAL™ movement, Aerie celebrates its community by advocating for body positivity and the empowerment of all women. Aerie believes in inspiring customers to love their real selves, inside and out. OFFLINE™ by Aerie, a new sub-brand offering a complete collection of activewear and accessories built for REAL movement and REAL comfort launched in Fiscal 2020. As of January 30, 2021, we operated 175 Aerie brand stand-alone stores and 179 side-by-side stores connected to AE brand stores, inclusive of four Offline stores, one Offline side-by-side store connected to an AE brand store, and one Unsubscribed store (a new sub-brand with a focus on consciously-made, slow fashion launched in Fiscal 2020). In addition, Aerie brand merchandise is sold online at www.aerie.com and certain items are sold in AE brand stores. 4 Todd Snyder New York Todd Snyder New York is a premium menswear brand. The Todd Snyder collections are informed by heritage yet updated for today, with an emphasis on versatility and comfort. As of January 30, 2021, we operated two Todd Snyder stores. We offer Todd Snyder products online at www.ToddSnyder.com . Key Business Priorities & Strategy We are focused on our “Real Power. Real Growth.” value creation plan to achieve our long-term financial outlook. To achieve our goals, AEO has the following strategic priorities: • Double Aerie to $2 billion in revenue. • Reignite American Eagle for profit growth. As part of the plan, the Company will leverage customer-focused capabilities and continue to strengthen its ROI discipline, while building on the power of AEO’s people, culture and purpose. Real Estate We ended Fiscal 2020 with 1,307 stores, consisting of 1,078 Company-owned stores and 229 licensed store locations. Our AE brand stores average approximately 6,700 gross square feet and approximately 5,400 on a selling square foot basis. Our Aerie brand stand-alone stores average approximately 3,900 gross square feet and approximately 3,100 on a selling square foot basis. The gross square footage of our Company-owned stores decreased by 1.9% to 6.7 million during Fiscal 2020. COVID-19 Impacts related to the novel coronavirus global pandemic (“COVID-19”) have been significantly negative for the retail industry, our Company, our customers, and our associates. We have experienced significant disruptions to our business due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related suggested and mandated social distancing and shelter-in-place orders, which initially resulted in the temporary closure of a number of stores and furlough of our associates. During Fiscal 2020, as stores were impacted by negative mall traffic, we focused on our omnichannel capabilities. As of January 30, 2021, the vast majority of our stores had re-opened, although we continue to see residual impacts on foot traffic and in-store revenues. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business are discussed in further detail throughout this Business section, Item 1A - Risk Factors, and Part II - Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. Company-Owned Stores Our Company-owned retail stores are located in shopping malls, lifestyle centers, and street locations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Hong Kong. Refer to Note 16, “Impairment, Restructuring and COVID-19 related charges,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for additional information regarding impairment and restructuring charges related to our Company-owned stores. 5 The following table provides the number of our Company-owned stores in operation as of January 30, 2021 and February 1, 2020 . January 30, February 1, 2021 2020 AE Brand: United States 773 808 Canada 76 85 Mexico 43 43 Hong Kong 9 9 Total AE Brand (1) 901 945 Aerie Brand: United States 156 129 Canada 17 18 Mexico 2 1 Total Aerie Brand (2) 175 148 Todd Snyder 2 2 Total Consolidated 1,078 1,095 (1) Includes 178 Aerie side-by-side stores and one Offline side-by-side store (2) Includes four Offline stores and one Unsubscribed store The following table provides the changes in the number of our Company-owned stores for the past five fiscal years: Fiscal Year Beginning of Year Opened Closed End of Year 2020 1,095 40 (57 ) 1,078 2019 1,055 66 (26 ) 1,095 2018 1,047 29 (21 ) 1,055 2017 1,050 31 (34 ) 1,047 2016 1,047 29 (26 ) 1,050 Licensed Stores In addition to our Company-owned stores, our merchandise is sold at American Eagle and Aerie stores owned and operated by third-party licensees. Revenue recognized under license agreements generally consists of royalties earned and recognized upon sale of merchandise by license partners to retail customers. 6 As of January 30, 2021 , our products were sold in 22 9 locat ions operated by licensees in 2 8 countries as provided in the following table. We plan to continue to increase the number of locations under license agreements or similar a rrangements as part of our disciplined approach to global expansion. January 30, February 1, 2021 2020 Israel 48 48 Saudi Arabia 25 27 Colombia 23 17 UAE 22 18 India 21 15 Philippines 11 11 Chile 10 16 Greece 9 10 Thailand 9 8 Egypt 7 6 Kuwait 7 6 Qatar 6 4 Spain 5 0 Oman 4 3 Panama 3 3 Bahrain 3 2 Costa Rica 3 2 Guatemala 2 2 Paraguay 2 0 Curacao 1 1 Dominican Republic 1 1 Hungary 1 1 Jordan 1 1 Andorra 1 0 Czech Republic 1 0 El Salvador 1 0 Portugal 1 0 Switzerland 1 0 South Korea 0 10 Lebanon 0 4 Peru 0 1 Total Licensed Stores 229 217 AEO Direct We sell merchandise through our digital channels, www.ae.com , www.aerie.com , www.toddsnyder.com , and our AEO apps, both domestically and internationally in 81 countries. We also sell merchandise on various international online marketplaces. The digital channels, which we refer to as “AEO Direct” reinforce each particular brand platform and are designed to complement the in-store experience. Over the past several years, we have invested in building our technologies and digital capabilities. We focused our investments in three key areas: making significant advances in mobile technology, investing in digital marketing and improving the digital customer experience. 7 Omni-Channel In addition to our investments in technology, we have invested in building omni-channel capabilities to better serve customers and gain operational efficiencies. These upgraded technologies provide a single view of inventory across channels, connecting physical stores directly to our digital store and providing our customers with a more convenient and improved shopping experience. Our U.S. and Canadian distribution centers are fully omni-channel and service both stores and digital businesses. We offer the ability for customers to return products seamlessly via any channel regardless of where it was originally purchased. We also offer a variety of channels to fulfill customer orders. These include “ship to home”, which can be fulfilled either through our distribution center or our store sites (buy online, ship from stores) when purchased online or through our app; “store pick-up”, which consists of online orders being fulfilled either in store or curbside, and we offer “store-to-door” capability where customers order within our store, and the goods are shipped directly to their home. Customer Loyalty Program In June 2020, the Company launched a highly-digitized loyalty program called Real Rewards by American Eagle and Aerie™ (the “Program”). This Program features both new and unique benefits for loyalty members and credit card members. Real Rewards by American Eagle and Aerie™ highlights include: • Faster earn rates than our previous program, AEO Connected™, which equal more rewards • Exclusive access to member promotions, discounts, and experiences • Special card member discounts and tier benefits Under the Program, members accumulate points based on purchase activity and earn rewards by reaching certain point thresholds. Members earn dollar rewards in the form of discount savings certificates. Prior to the launch of the Program in June 2020, under our previous program, AEO Connected™, we also offered additional rewards for key items including jeans and bras. Rewards earned are valid through the stated expiration date, which is 60 days from the issuance date of the reward. Rewards not redeemed during the 60-day redemption period are forfeited. Merchandise Suppliers We design our merchandise, which is manufactured by third-party factories. During Fiscal 2020, we purchased substantially all of our merchandise from non-North American suppliers. We sourced merchandise through approximately 350 vendors located throughout the world, primarily in Asia, and did not source more than 10% of our merchandise from any single factory or supplier. Although we purchase a significant portion of our merchandise through a single international buying agent, we do not maintain any exclusive commitments to purchase from any one vendor. We maintain a quality control department at our distribution centers to inspect incoming merchandise shipments for overall quality of manufacturing. Inspections are also made by our employees and agents at manufacturing facilities to identify quality issues prior to shipment of merchandise. We uphold an extensive factory inspection program to monitor compliance with our Supplier Code of Conduct. New garment factories must pass an initial inspection in order to do business with us and we continue to review their performance against our guidelines regarding working conditions, employment practices, and compliance with local laws through internal audits by our compliance team and the use of third-party monitors. We strive to partner with suppliers who respect local laws and share our dedication to utilize best practices in human rights, labor rights, environmental practices, and workplace safety. We are a certified, validated member of the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program (“CTPAT”), a designation we have held since 2004. CTPAT is a voluntary program offered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) in which an importer agrees to work with CBP to strengthen overall supply chain security. As of September 2016, we were accepted into the Apparel, Footwear, and Textiles Center, one of CBP’s Centers of Excellence and Expertise (“CEE”). The CEEs were created to ensure uniformity, create efficiencies, reduce redundancies, enhance industry expertise, and facilitate trade, all with a final goal of reduced costs at the border and allowing CBP to focus on high-risk shipments. 8 Inventory and Distribution Merchandise is shipped directly from our vendors, deconsolidated through trans loaders to our Company-owned distribution centers in Hazleton, Pennsylvania and Ottawa, Kansas, to our third party logistics regional distribution centers or to our Canadian distribution center in Mississauga, Ontario. Additionally, product is shipped directly to stores, which reduces transit times and lowers operating costs. We contract with third-party distribution centers in Mexico and Hong Kong to service our Company-owned stores and e-commerce operations in those regions. During Fiscal 2020, we competed inventory optimization initiatives, reflecting reductions in AE, streamlining of assortments, and increasing alignment with sales plans. Aerie inventory increased during the year in line with customer demand. Regulation We and our products are subject to regulation by various federal, state, local, and foreign regulatory authorities. Substantially all of our products are manufactured by foreign suppliers and imported by us, and we are subject to a variety of trade laws, customs regulations, and international trade agreements. Apparel and other products sold by us are under the jurisdiction of multiple governmental agencies and regulations, including, in the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission, and the Consumer Products Safety Commission. These regulations relate principally to product labeling, marketing, licensing requirements, and consumer product safety requirements and regulatory testing. We are also subject to regulations governing our employees both globally and in the U.S., and by disclosure and reporting requirements for publicly traded companies established under existing or new federal or state laws, including the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). Our licensing partners, buying/sourcing agents, and the vendors and factories with which we contract for the manufacture and distribution of our products are also subject to regulation. Our agreements require our licensing partners, buying/sourcing agents, vendors, and factories to operate in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and we are not aware of any violations that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. Human Capital Management Our people come first. As of January 30, 2021, we employed approximately 37,000 associates throughout the world of whom approximately 30,500 were part-time or seasonal associates. We employed 32,000 associates in the U.S, of whom approximately 26,000 were part-time or seasonal associates. Our values of People, Innovation, Passion, Integrity, and Teamwork are the backbone of our Company and are at the center of every decision, every product and every interaction - they represent the foundation of our REAL culture. We all have a vital role to play in creating an environment where everyone feels respected and empowered while we continue to grow as a community that promotes individuality and difference. We celebrate the diversity of one through the inclusion of many. To evaluate our REAL culture, we look holistically at all the beliefs, values and behaviors that reflect how our best work is done. We aim to ensure there is alignment between what is espoused and what is practiced. Our consistently positive internal employee satisfaction scores, exit survey data, and external Glassdoor ratings demonstrate the achievement of this goal. Our culture model is comprised of Listening, Observing, Supporting, and Informing: • Listening to our associates, customers and candidates through reviews of culture surveys, exit surveys, Glassdoor reporting, LinkedIn responses, and hotline reporting; we also conduct open door engagement, Company-wide town halls, and roundtables on a periodic basis. • Observing who we are and what our associates are doing by studying our demographic data and turnover. • Supporting a positive Company culture through programs and processes that promote our strong values and address leadership development opportunities, work-life integration, well-being initiatives, fair pay initiatives, family support, and inclusion and diversity programs. 9 • Informing and clearly communicating our values, modeling the behaviors we expect, and providing training and feedback. Our Board of Directors (our “Board”) plays an important role in the oversight of our talent and culture and devotes time each quarter to receiving updates from senior management on employee engagement, turnover and retention, inclusion and diversity, talent development, leadership, and succession planning initiatives. During Fiscal 2020, we included inclusion and diversity and health and safety objectives in our corporate annual incentive compensation goals, reinforcing the Company’s priorities to protect our people. TALENT MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS We utilize an integrated set of talent management tools and programs, rooted in our values that thread through the entire talent lifecycle. Consistent talent reviews, performance evaluations and succession planning have contributed to a full-time voluntary turnover rate, including our Store associates, of approximately 19% for Fiscal 2020, which is consistent with our retail peer group and compares to a 24% five year AEO average. We also have a full-time promotion rate of approximately 15% for Fiscal 2020. Associate development is supported through numerous programs, including AEO Academy, an online training platform that provides associates with continuous learning opportunities. Over 1,300 modules gained over 2.7 million views through this platform during Fiscal 2020. INCLUSION & DIVERSITY We believe that a truly diverse workplace is a result of an inclusive culture. It is about more than simply bringing together people who are different; it is about celebrating what makes us real. Our values are at the center of every decision, product, and interaction. This means making sure that all people are respected and feel that being their authentic selves will not be a barrier to personal or professional fulfillment and growth. We are a global company with people from many different backgrounds. In the U.S. alone, as of January 30, 2021, approximately 40% of our associates self-identified as a Person of Color (“POC”). Specifically, our U.S. population is approximately 59% White, 23% Hispanic, 9% Black, 4% Asian, 4% two or more races or other, and 1% not reported. Globally, 78% of our associates self-identified as women. We have three I&D Pillars: • Hiring focuses on increasing the representation of diverse candidates and new hires by developing and executing inclusive recruitment and hiring practices and strategies. • Culture focuses on the continued development of an inclusive workplace through the expansion/support of associate groups, promoting educational opportunities, and building awareness around cultural celebrations and community partnerships. • Development focuses on equipping our leaders and our associates with the necessary resources to create and maintain an inclusive workplace while advancing the careers of associates from historically marginalized groups. During Fiscal 2020, we believe that we made significant strides in inclusion & diversity efforts, including: • Inclusive Leadership and functional Inclusion and Diversity trainings + incorporation of training and educational content into our Learning Management System; • Announcement of the Real Change Scholarship for Social Justice, a $5 million commitment created to advance educational opportunities for full and part-time AEO Inc. associates, who are actively driving anti-racism, equality and social justice initiatives; • Appointment of the Company’s first Chief Inclusion & Diversity Officer; • Appointment of our first Black Board member; • Implementation of a hiring policy designed to increase candidate and new hire diversity; and 10 • Outreach to Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and Minority Student Groups through retail education and co-mentoring programs as well as the establishment with peers of a dedicated program to educate diverse students about career opportunities within the retail industry, the Retail Education Program (REP). TOTAL REWARDS Our compensation and benefits programs serve to reinforce the Company’s values and culture and they work in tandem to deliver a competitive, equitable, and relevant overall package that supports, attracts and retains our talented teams. Our compensation programs are designed to attract and retain highly skilled, performance-oriented associates who live our brands and embody the spirit of authenticity and innovation we cultivate. We focus on delivering simple, straightforward compensation programs that our associates can easily understand. Ensuring that our teams are rewarded for delivering results is a key priority. We reinforce the importance of each individual’s contributions towards achieving our larger company goals and share in our success as a team. We aspire to compensation decisions that are fair and equitable, consistently evaluating compensation through both an internal and external lens. We focus on internal pay equity and conduct regular benchmarking to ensure competitiveness to the external market Our compensation programs are composed of three key elements: • Competitive base pay rates, which are aligned to specific roles and skills, local market rates, and relevant experience; • Incentive bonuses for full-time associates, which are structured to deliver financial rewards for the delivery of monthly, quarterly, or annual results; and • Annual stock awards for over 300 leaders throughout areas of the business, including the senior management team, which provide a commonality of interest between our leaders and shareholders. We recognize that benefits are highly personal, and we offer a broad suite of benefits to our workforce, recognizing the varied needs and priorities of our associates. Our full-time associates have access to a variety of medical, dental and vision plan offerings, ensuring that associates can select plans that satisfy their individual and family needs. In the U.S., our largest market, we also offer the following benefits to our workforce: • We recognize the importance of many aspects of health and wellness and focus on plans that support physical, medical, and financial health. All associates have access to digital behavioral health therapy, a gym/online fitness discount program, AEO’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan, pet insurance, discounts on merchandise, and 401(k) benefits with Company match; • All associates that are enrolled in our medical insurance have access to: 100% employer-paid behavioral telehealth and medical telemedicine to ensure consistent access to convenient care; behavioral health programs to support mental health; fertility management benefits for our associates who are focused on expanding their families, digital management programs for chronic conditions and digital physical therapy; prescription drug savings programs; access to second opinions, and surgical and medical decision support and claims advocacy; and • All full-time associates have the following additional employer-paid benefits: paid time off; life insurance, short-term and long-term disability insurance; well-being programs, inclusive of access to health coaches and lifestyle programs to assist with managing chronic conditions, nutrition, smoking cessation and weight loss; employee assistance programs; flexible spending accounts; benefits to support parents of children with disabilities and/or challenges brought forth by the pandemic; mobile apps for fertility, maternity, and parenting; support for nursing mothers on business travel; and additional caregiver programs. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, we introduced additional caregiver benefits to support those working at home and/or trying to support children attending school virtually by providing access to subsidized back-up care through calendar 2021. HEALTH AND SAFETY 11 The health and safety of our workforce and customers is deeply rooted in our culture and business. Our response to the COVID-19 pandemic was immediate and deliberate. We put our people first and we implemented the following health and safety measures to care for our associates, customers and partners: • We instituted industry-leading safety protocols across our operations, including the procurement of masks and PPE for all teams, the hiring of an AEO medical consultant, physical construction to enable social distancing mandates, temperature check stations, installing infrared lighting and air filtration systems in the distribution centers, new breakroom and cafeteria protocols, creating training and videos to explain new safety measures and expectations, and on-site nurses; • After temporary store closures in the spring, we drafted and deployed a comprehensive global store re-opening playbook (ensuring customer safety, managing capacity restrictions, reduced operating hours, curbside pickup, touchless checkout); • During Fiscal 2020, we created the COVID-19 Associate Relief Fund to provide grants to eligible AEO associates who have been adversely impacted by COVID-19; distributed AEO Foundation grants to non-profits in local communities; and donated over $1 million nationally to COVID-19 relief efforts, including donating gift cards and more than one million masks to front-line workers in cities most in need. Competition The global retail apparel industry is highly competitive both in stores and online. We compete with various local, national, and global apparel retailers, as well as the casual apparel and footwear departments of department stores and discount retailers, primarily on the basis of quality, fashion, service, selection, and price. Trademarks and Service Marks We have registered AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS ® , AMERICAN EAGLE ® , AE ® , AEO ® , LIVE YOUR LIFE ® , AERIE ® , and the Flying Eagle Design with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We also have registered or have applied to register substantially all of these trademarks with the registries of the foreign countries in which our stores and/or manufacturers are located and/or where our product is shipped. We have registered AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS ® , AMERICAN EAGLE ® , AEO ® , LIVE YOUR LIFE ® , AERIE ® , and the Flying Eagle Design with the Canadian Intellectual Property Office. In addition, we have acquired rights in AE TM for clothing products and registered AE ® in connection with certain non-clothing products. In the U.S. and in other countries around the world, we also have registered, or have applied to register, a number of other marks used in our business, including TODD SNYDER ® , TAILGATE ® , MOOD CHILL MIND & BODY™, UNSUBSCRIBED™, OFFLINE BY AERIE™, Bald Eagle Design, and our pocket stitch designs. Our registered trademarks are renewable indefinitely, and their registrations are properly maintained in accordance with the laws of the country in which they are registered. We believe that the recognition associated with these trademarks makes them extremely valuable and, therefore, we intend to use, renew, and enforce our trademarks in accordance with our business plans. Seasonality Historically, our operations have been seasonal, with a large portion of total net revenue and operating income occurring in the third and fourth fiscal quarters, reflecting increased demand during the back-to-school and year-end holiday selling seasons, respectively. Our quarterly results of operations also may fluctuate based upon such factors as the timing of certain holiday seasons, the number and timing of new store openings, the acceptability of seasonal merchandise offerings, the timing and level of markdowns, store closings and remodels, competitive factors, weather and general economic and political conditions. During Fiscal 2020, historic seasonal trends were impacted by consumer behavior due to COVID-19. Information about our Executive Officers Jennifer M. Foyle, age 54, has served as our Chief Creative Officer, AEO Inc. and Global Brand President – Aerie since September 2020. Prior thereto she served as our Global Brand President - Aerie since 2015. Ms. Foyle served as Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer – Aerie from February 2014 to January 2015 and Senior Vice 12 President, Chief Merchandising Officer – Aerie from August 2010 to February 2014 . Prior to joining us, Ms. Foyle was President of Calypso St. Barth from 2009 to 2010 . In addition, she was the Chief Merchandising Officer at J. Crew Group, Inc., from 2003 to 2009. Early in her career, Ms. Foyle was the Women’s Divisional Merchandise Manager for Gap Inc. from 1999 to 2003 and held various r oles at Bloomingdales from 1988 to 1999. Charles F. Kessler , age 48, has served as our Global Brand President – American Eagle since January 2015. Prior thereto, he served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising and Design Officer – American Eagle from February 2014 to January 2015. Prior to joining us, Mr. Kessler served as Chief Merchandising Officer at Urban Outfitters, Inc. from October 2011 to November 2013 and as Senior Vice President, Corporate Merchandising at Coach, Inc. from July 2010 to October 2011. Prior to that time, Mr. Kessler held various positions with Abercrombie & Fitch Co. from 1994 to 2010, including Executive Vice President, Female Merchandising from 2008 to 2010. Michael A. Mathias , age 46, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2020. Prior thereto, he served as Senior Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis from October 2017 to April 2020, and in various key financial and operational roles since joining us in 1998 through 2014. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Mathias served as Vice President, Financial Planning and Strategy at General Nutrition Centers, Inc. From 2014 to 2016, he served as President and Managing Partner of SY Ventures. Andrew J. McLean , age 52, has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer since April 2017. His responsibilities include oversight of our global retail operations. Prior thereto, he served as our Executive Vice President, International since October 2016. Prior to joining us, Mr. McLean served as Chief Operating Officer and Head of International of Urban Outfitters, Inc. from 2014 to October 2016 and as Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2014. In addition, he held various positions at Liz Claiborne, Inc., including President, Outlet Division, from 2003 to 2008. Prior thereto, Mr. McLean held various roles at Gap, Inc. from 2000 to 2003 and served as a management consultant early in his career. Michael R. Rempell, age 47, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer since June 2012. His current responsibilities include oversight of our technology, supply-chain, production and sourcing, and sustainability teams. Prior thereto, he served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, New York Design Center, from April 2009 to June 2012, as Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer from May 2006 to April 2009, and in various other positions since joining us in February 2000. Jay L. Schottenstein, age 66, has served as our Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer since December 2015. Prior thereto, Mr. Schottenstein served as our Executive Chairman, Interim Chief Executive Officer from January 2014 to December 2015. He has also served as the Chairman of the Company and its predecessors since March 1992. He served as our Chief Executive Officer from March 1992 until December 2002 and prior to that time, he served as a Vice President and Director of our predecessors since 1980. He has also served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Schottenstein Stores Corporation (“SSC”) since March 1992 and as President since 2001. Prior thereto, Mr. Schottenstein served as Vice Chairman of SSC from 1986 to 1992. He has been a Director of SSC since 1982. Mr. Schottenstein also has served since March 2005 as Executive Chairman of the Board of Designer Brands Inc. (f/k/a DSW Inc.) (NYSE: DBI) and formerly served as that company’s Chief Executive Officer from March 2005 to April 2009. He has also served as a member of the Board of Directors for Albertsons Companies, Inc. since 2006. He has also served as an officer and director of various other entities owned or controlled by members of his family since 1976. Stacy B. Siegal , age 54, has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel since March 2018. Ms. Siegal is also responsible for our people, culture, social responsibility, and internal communication teams. Prior thereto, she served as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since November 2016. Prior to joining us, Ms. Siegal served as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer at rue21, Inc. from March 2013 to November 2016; as Vice President, General Counsel from 2010 to 2013; and as Corporate Counsel since 2006. Prior to that time, Ms. Siegal served as a consultant providing legal and human resource guidance to retail companies and boards of directors and as Corporate Counsel at General Nutrition Companies, Inc. since 1996. Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as well as other information that we file with or furnish to the SEC, are available under the Investor Relations section of our website at www.aeo-inc.com . These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable, free of charge, after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Alternatively, you may access these reports at the SEC’s Internet website at www.sec.gov . Our corporate governance materials, including our corporate governance guidelines, the charters of our audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees, and our code of ethics may also be found under the Investor Relations section of our website at www.aeo-inc.com . A copy of the corporate governance materials is also available upon written request. 13 Additionally, our investor presentations are available under the Investo r Relations section of our website at www.aeo-inc.com . These ma terials are available no later than the time they are pr esented at investor conferences . U nless expressly noted, the information on our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K or any other filing that we make with the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors Macroeconomic and Industry Risks Our inability to anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends and fluctuations in customer demand in a timely manner could adversely impact our profitability. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to identify and respond to fashion trends and changing consumer preferences in a timely manner. The specialty retail apparel business fluctuates according to changes in the economy and customer preferences, dictated by fashion and season. These fluctuations can materially impact our sales and gross margins which is exacerbated by the fact that merchandise is typically ordered well in advance of the selling season. As a result, we are susceptible to changing fashion trends and fluctuations in customer demands. Lead times for many of our design and purchasing decisions may make it more difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing apparel trends or consumer acceptance of our products. As a result, we are vulnerable to changes in consumer demand, pricing shifts and the timing and selection of merchandise purchases. Our failure to enter into agreements for the manufacture and purchase of merchandise in a timely manner could, among other things, lead to a shortage of inventory and lower sales. Changes in fashion trends, if unsuccessfully identified, forecasted or responded to by us, could, among other matters, lead to lower sales, excess inventories and higher markdowns, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant pricing pressures from existing and new competitors. The sale of apparel, accessories, intimates, and personal care products is a highly competitive business with numerous participants, including individual and chain specialty apparel retailers, local, regional, national, and international department stores, discount stores and online businesses. Changing consumer preferences has and may continue to result in new competition for our products. The substantial sales growth in the digital channel within the last several years has increased competition due to new entrants in the market and has resulted in pricing pressures from new entrants and established competitors. Some of these competitors have robust digital customer experiences and highly efficient delivery systems. Furthermore, the decrease in mall traffic is putting a greater reliance on the digital channel and thus increasing the competitive threat. We face a variety of competitive challenges, including: • Anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer demands or preferences better than our competitors; • Maintaining favorable brand recognition and effective marketing of our products to consumers in several demographic markets; • Sourcing merchandise efficiently; • Developing innovative, high-quality merchandise in styles that appeal to our consumers and in ways that favorably distinguish us from our competitors; • Countering the aggressive pricing and promotional activities of many of our competitors; and • Anticipating and responding to changing customer shopping preferences and practices, including the increasing shift to digital brand engagement, social media communication, and online shopping. In light of the competitive challenges we face, we may not be able to compete successfully in the future and have lower market share. Additionally, increases in competition could reduce our sales, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The effect of economic pressures and other business factors on discretionary consumer spending and changes in consumer preferences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity. The success of our operations is highly dependent on consumer spending, which can be negatively impacted by economic conditions as well as factors affecting disposable consumer income such as income taxes, payroll taxes, 14 employment, consumer debt, interest rates, increases in energy costs and consumer confidence. We may be negatively impacted by changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending habits such as consumer behavior reallocating to non-retail discretionary consumer spending. Seasonality may cause sales to fluctuate and negatively impact our results of operations. Historically, our operations have been seasonal, with a large portion of total net revenue and operating income occurring in the third and fourth fiscal quarters, reflecting increased demand during the back-to-school and year-end holiday selling seasons, respectively. Because of this seasonality, factors negatively affecting us during the third and fourth fiscal quarters of any year, including adverse weather or unfavorable economic conditions, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations for the entire year. Our quarterly results of operations also may fluctuate based upon such factors as the timing of certain holiday seasons, the number and timing of new store openings, the acceptability of seasonal merchandise offerings, the timing and level of markdowns, store closings and remodeling’s, competitive factors, weather and general economic and political conditions. The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In late 2019, COVID-19 was first detected in Wuhan, China. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic, and governmental authorities around the world have implemented measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19. These measures have adversely affected workforces, customers, consumer sentiment, economies, and financial markets, and, along with decreased consumer spending have led to an economic downturn in many of our markets. We continue to operate our e-commerce business, and had to temporarily close our corporate offices and American Eagle and Aerie physical stores. We have since reopened nearly all of our stores, but have had to operate at lower capacities than normal. The COVID-19 pandemic also directly threatens the health of our associates and customers. The operation of all of our stores is critically dependent on our associates who staff these locations. In the event that an associate tests positive for COVID-19, we have had to, and may in the future have to, temporarily close one or more stores, offices or distribution centers for cleaning and/or quarantine of one or more associates, which could negatively impact our financial results. We are unable to accurately predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on our operations going forward due to uncertainties that will be dictated by the length of time that such disruptions continue, which will, in turn, depend on the currently unknowable duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, any resurgences of COVID-19 in areas where our stores, customers, or associates are located, and the impact of governmental regulations that might be imposed in response to the pandemic, which could, among other things, require that we close our distribution and fulfillment centers or otherwise make it difficult or impossible to operate our e-commerce business. Numerous state and local jurisdictions have imposed, and others in the future may impose, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, executive orders and similar government orders and restrictions for their residents to control the spread of COVID-19. Such orders and restrictions have resulted in temporary store closures, work stoppages, slowdowns and delays, travel restrictions and cancellations of events, among other effects, thereby negatively impacting our operations. In addition, we expect to be impacted by a deterioration of economic conditions in the United States, which potentially could have an impact on discretionary consumer spending. To the extent that our target customer demographic is disproportionately impacted by unemployment or otherwise as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our business may be further adversely affected. The ultimate impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak to our business remain highly uncertain and will depend on future developments, including changes in consumer behavior and traditions, changed mandated or recommended by government or health officials, and the widespread availability use and effectiveness of vaccines, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. While it is premature to accurately predict the ultimate impact of these developments, we expect our results for the remainder of the COVID-19 pandemic to be adversely impacted in a significant manner. Our results could be adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, negative global climate patterns, or other catastrophic events. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, extreme cold events and other adverse weather conditions; public health crises (including, without limitation, the recent coronavirus outbreak), such as pandemics and epidemics; political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war, labor unrest, and other political instability; negative global climate patterns, especially in water stressed regions; or other catastrophic events, such as fires or other disasters occurring at our distribution centers or our vendors' manufacturing facilities, whether occurring in the United States or internationally, could disrupt our operations, including the operations of our licensees, or the operations of one or more of our vendors. In 15 particular, these types of events could impact our supply chain from or to the impacted region and could impact our ability or the ability of our licensees or other third parties to operate our stores or websites. In addition, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted regions or, depending upon the severity, globally. Disasters occurring at our vendors’ manufacturing facilities could impact our reputation and our customers’ perception of our brands. To the extent any of these events occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. Impairment to goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets could adversely impact our profitability. Significant negative industry or general economic trends, changes in customer demand for our product, disruptions to our business, and unexpected significant changes or planned changes in our operating results or use of long-lived assets may result in impairments to goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets. Strategic Risks Our inability to grow our digital channels and leverage omni-channel capabilities could adversely impact our business. We have and expect to continue to make significant investments in building our technologies and digital capabilities in three key areas: mobile technology, digital marketing, and the digital customer experience. We have made significant capital investments in these areas but there is no assurance that we will realize a return on those investments or be successful in growing our digital channels. As omni-channel retailing continues to evolve, our customers are increasingly more likely to shop across multiple channels that work in tandem to meet their needs. In addition, our competitors are also investing in omni-channel initiatives, some of which may be more successful than our initiatives. Our inability to respond to these changes and successfully maintain and expand our omni-channel business may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Failure to define, launch and communicate a brand relevant customer experience could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability. We strive to build strong emotional connections with our customers and to enrich the customer experience. If our marketing and customer experience programs, including our loyalty program, are unsuccessful, or if our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, our growth and profitability may be negatively affected. Our efforts to execute on our key business priorities could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability. Our success depends on our ability to execute on our key priorities, which are centered on driving our brands forward and delivering an exceptional customer experience across channels, including: • Double Aerie to $2 billion in revenue. • Reignite American Eagle for profit growth. As part of the plan, the Company will leverage customer-focused capabilities and continue to strengthen its ROI discipline, while building on the power of AEO’s people, culture and purpose. Achieving these key business priorities depends on us executing our strategies successfully, and the initiatives that we implement in connection with these goals may not resonate with our customers. It may take longer than anticipated to generate the expected benefits of our initiatives, and there can be no guarantee that pursuing these key priorities will result in improved operating results or achievement of a given priority. Misalignment and competing initiatives could result in inefficiencies, erroneously prioritized efforts, and resource dilution. Failure to implement our key business priorities successfully could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability. Our efforts to expand internationally expose us to risks inherent in operating in new countries. We are actively pursuing additional international expansion initiatives, which include Company-owned stores and stores operated by third parties through licensing arrangements in select international markets. The effect of international expansion arrangements on our business and results of operations is uncertain and will depend upon various factors, including the demand for our products in new markets internationally. Furthermore, although we provide store operation training, literature and support, to the extent that a licensee does not operate its stores in a manner consistent with our 16 requirements regarding our brand and customer experience standards, our business results and the value of our brand could be negatively impacted. A failure to implement our expansion initiatives properly, or the adverse impact of political or economic risks in these international markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We have limited prior experience operating internationally where we face established competitors. In many of these locations, the real estate, labor and employment, transportation and logistics and other operating requirements differ dramatically from those in the locations where we have more experience. Consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends, may differ substantially, and as a result, sales of our products may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate. Any differences that we encounter as we expand internationally may divert financial, operational, and managerial resources from our existing operations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we are increasingly exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our revenue, profits, assets, and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The instruments we may use to hedge certain foreign currency risks in the future may not succeed in offsetting all of the negative impact of foreign currency rate movements on our business and results of operations. As we pursue our international expansion initiatives, we are subject to certain laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as the laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. Violations of these laws could subject us to sanctions or other penalties that could have an adverse effect on our reputation, operating results and financial condition. Operational Risks Our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brands. Our business depends on the value and reputation of our brands and our ability to anticipate, identify, and respond to customers’ demands, preferences, and fashion trends. In addition, the increasing use of social media platforms allows for rapid communication and any negative publicity related to the aforementioned concerns may reduce demand for our merchandise. Public perception about our products or our stores, whether justified or not, could impair our reputation, involve us in litigation, damage our brands and may adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our inability to implement and sustain adequate information technology systems could adversely impact our profitability. We regularly evaluate our information technology systems and are currently implementing modifications and/or upgrades to the information technology systems that support our business. Modifications include replacing legacy systems with successor systems, making changes to legacy systems, or acquiring new systems with new functionality. We are aware of the inherent risks associated with operating, replacing, and modifying these systems, including inaccurate system information and system disruptions. There is a risk that information technology system disruptions and inaccurate system information, if not anticipated and/or promptly and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally, there can be no guarantee that, if any computer system failure, cyber-attack, or security breach occurs, it will be timely detected or sufficiently remediated. Furthermore, if our information technology systems are damaged, breached or cease to properly function for any reason, including the poor performance of, failure of, or cyber-attack on third-party service providers, catastrophic events, power outages, cyber-security breaches, network outages, failed upgrades or similar events, and if our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business, as well as reputational harm, and we may be subject to governmental investigations and litigation, any of which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Measures intended to prevent the spread of COVID-19 may negatively impact our operations. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak and the government mandates implemented to control its spread, most of our corporate office associates are working remotely. If our associates are unable to work effectively as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, including because of illness, quarantines, office closures, ineffective remote work arrangements or technology failures or limitations, our operations would be adversely impacted. Further, remote work arrangements may increase the risk of security incidents, data breaches or cyber-attacks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, due to, among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in the operation of our business, damage to our reputation and any government-imposed penalty. Our inability to safeguard against security incidents with respect to our information technology systems could damage our reputation and adversely impact our profitability. Our business employs systems and websites that allow for the storage and transmission of proprietary or confidential information regarding our business, customers, and employees including credit card information, street addresses, and 17 email addresses. Attackers continuously enhance and evolve in their efforts to compromise our systems and websites . Such s ec urity incidents could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this proprietary or confidential information , random demands and potential liability. We have experienced cyber incidents, which have not had a material adverse impact on our business or required external notification and for which we have taken measures to prevent from reoccurring. However, w e may experience security incidents in the future, potentially with more frequency and/or sophistication. We may not be able to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries, or other developments may result in the technology we use to protect transaction or other data being breached or compromised. S ecurity breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues including intentional or inadvertent action or inaction of our employees or persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in security incident. Any security incident could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant financial exposure and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and our reputation. 18 We may be exposed to risks and costs associated with the loss of customer information that would cause us to incur unexpected expenses and loss of revenues . We collect customer data, including encrypted credit card information, in our stores, at special events and online. For our sales channels to function successfully, we and third parties involved in processing customer transactions for us must be able to transmit confidential information, including credit card information, securely over public networks. We cannot guarantee that any of our security measures or the security measures of third parties with whom we work will effectively prevent others from obtaining unauthorized access to our customers’ information. If such a breach were to occur, customers could lose confidence in our ability to secure their information and choose not to purchase from us. Any unauthorized access to customer information could expose us to data loss or manipulation, litigation and legal liability, and could seriously disrupt operations, negatively impact our marketing capabilities, cause us to incur significant expenses to notify customers of the breach and for other remediation activities, and harm our reputation and brand, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, state, federal, and foreign governments are increasingly enacting laws and regulations protecting consumers’ privacy and personal information against identity theft and unwanted exposure. These laws and regulations likely will increase the costs of doing business. If we fail to implement appropriate security measures or fail to detect and provide applicable notice of unauthorized access (as required by some of these laws and regulations), we could be subject to potential governmental investigations, claims for damages, or other remedies, which could adversely affect our business and operations. Our failure to manage growth in our omni-channel operations and the resulting impact on our distribution and fulfillment networks may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In Fiscal 2020, digital sales represented 45% of our total revenue, a 36% increase compared to Fiscal 2019. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to continue to adapt to future changes in technology to address the changing demands of our customers. Our omni-channel operations are subject to numerous risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results. Risks include, but are not limited to, the difficulty in recreating the in-store experience; our ability to anticipate and implement innovations in technology and logistics in order to appeal to existing and potential customers who increasingly rely on multiple channels to meet their shopping needs; and the failure of and risks related to the systems that operate our web infrastructure, websites and the related support systems, including computer viruses, theft of customer information, privacy concerns, telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Our failure to maintain efficient and uninterrupted fulfillment operations could also have a material adverse effect on our results. The satisfaction of our customers who shop online depends on their timely receipt of merchandise. If we encounter difficulties with our distribution facilities, or if the facilities were to shut down for any reason, including as a result of fire, natural disaster or work stoppage, we could face shortages of inventory; incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our customers; and cause customer dissatisfaction. Any of these issues could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our international merchandise sourcing strategy subjects us to risks that could adversely impact our business and results of operations. Our merchandise is manufactured by suppliers worldwide. We purchase a significant portion of our merchandise through a single international buying agent. Because we have a global supply chain, any event that causes the disruption of imports, including the insolvency of a significant supplier, global health crisis, a major labor dispute including any such actions involving ports, trans loaders, consolidators , or shippers, could have an adverse effect on our operations. Given the volatility and risk in the current markets, our reliance on external vendors leaves us subject to certain risks should one or more of these external vendors become insolvent. The financial failure of a key vendor could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Trade matters may disrupt our supply chain. Trade restrictions, including increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, safeguards, and customs restrictions against apparel items, as well as U.S. or foreign labor strikes, work stoppages, or boycotts, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of apparel available to us and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have a Supplier Code of Conduct that provides guidelines for our vendors regarding working conditions, employment practices, and compliance with local laws. A copy of the Supplier Code of Conduct is posted on our website, www.aeo-inc.com , and is included in our vendor manual in English and multiple other languages. There can be no assurance that all violations can be eliminated in our supply chain. Publicity regarding violation of our Supplier Code of Conduct or other social responsibility standards by any of our vendor factories could adversely affect our reputation, sales, and financial performance. 19 There is a risk of terrorist activity on a global basis. Such activity might take the form of a physical act that impedes the flow of imported goods or the insertion of a harmful or injurious agent into an imported shipment. We cannot predict the likelihood of any such activities or the extent of their adverse impact on our operations. Our product costs may be adversely affected by foreign trade issues (including import tariffs and other trade restrictions with China), currency exchange rate fluctuations, increasing prices for raw materials, political instability, or other reasons, which could impact our profitability. A significant portion of the products that we purchase, including those purchased from domestic suppliers, as well as most of our private brand merchandise, is manufactured abroad. Foreign imports subject us to risks relating to changes in import duties, quotas, the introduction of U.S. taxes on imported goods or the extension of U.S. income taxes on our foreign suppliers' sales of imported goods through the adoption of destination-based income tax jurisdiction, loss of "most favored nation" status with the U.S., shipment delays and shipping port constraints, labor strikes, work stoppages or other disruptions, freight cost increases and economic uncertainties. Furthermore, we could face significantly higher U.S. income and similar taxes with respect to sales of products purchased from foreign suppliers if the U.S. were to adopt a system of taxation, such as a border adjustment tax, under which the cost of imported products was not deductible in determining such products' tax base. If such a tax system were adopted, we could also face higher prices for products manufactured or produced abroad that we purchase from our domestic suppliers if they were subject to such a tax. In addition, the U.S. government periodically considers other restrictions on the importation of products obtained by our vendors and us. General trade tensions between the U.S. and China have been high, with multiple rounds of U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods implemented in 2018 and 2019. Furthermore, China or other countries may institute retaliatory trade measures in response to existing or future tariffs imposed by the U.S. that could have a negative impact on our business. If any of these events continue as described, we may need to seek alternative suppliers or vendors, raise prices, or make changes to our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability, results of operations and financial condition. If any of these or other factors were to cause a disruption of trade from the countries in which our vendors' suppliers or our private brand products' manufacturers are located, our inventory levels may be reduced or the cost of our products may increase. Additionally, we could be impacted by negative publicity or, in some cases, face potential liability to the extent that any foreign manufacturers from which we directly or indirectly purchase products utilize labor, environmental, workplace safety and other practices that vary from those commonly accepted in the U.S. or elsewhere. Also, the prices charged by foreign manufacturers may be affected by the fluctuation of their local currency against the U.S. dollar and the price of raw materials, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could cause the cost of our products to increase and negatively impact our sales or profitability. Our inability to achieve planned store performance, gain market share in the face of declining shopping center traffic or attract customers to our stores could adversely impact our profitability and our results of operations. The results achieved by our stores may not be indicative of long-term performance or the potential performance of stores in other locations. Part of our future growth is dependent on our ability to operate stores in desirable locations with capital investment and lease costs providing the opportunity to earn a reasonable return. We cannot be sure as to when or whether such desirable locations will become available at reasonable costs. The failure of our stores to achieve acceptable results could result in store asset impairment charges, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, our real estate strategy may not be successful, and store locations may fail to produce desired results, which could impact our competitive position and profitability. Customer shopping patterns have been evolving from brick-and-mortar locations to, increasingly, digital channels. We have Company-owned stores in shopping centers that have experienced declining traffic trends while our digital channels continue to grow. Our ability to grow revenue and acquire new customers is contingent on our ability to drive traffic to both store locations and digital channels so that we are accessible to our customers when and where they want to shop. We seek to locate our brick and mortar stores in prominent locations within successful shopping malls or street locations. Our stores benefit from the ability of the malls’ “anchor” tenants, which generally are large department stores and other area attractions, to generate consumer traffic near our stores. We cannot control the increasing impact of digital channels on shopping center traffic, the loss of an anchor or other significant tenant in a shopping mall in which we have a store, the development of new shopping malls in the U.S. or around the world, the availability or cost of appropriate locations, competition with other retailers for prominent locations, or the success of individual shopping malls. All of these factors may 20 impact our ability to meet our productivity targets and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, some malls and shopping centers that were in prominent locations when we opened our stores may cease to be viewed as prominent. If this trend away from brick and mortar retail continues or if the popularity of mall shopping continues to decline generally among our customers, our sales may decline, which would impact our results of operations and financial condition. We have significant lease obligations, and are subject to risks associated with leasing substantial amounts of space, including future increases in occupancy costs and the need to generate significant cash flow to meet our lease obligations. Operating lease obligations, which consist primarily of future minimum lease commitments related to store operating leases, represent a significant contractual commitment. All of our stores are leased and generally have initial terms of 5-10 years. In the future, we may not be able to negotiate favorable lease terms for the most desired store locations. Our inability to do so may cause our occupancy costs to be higher in future years or may force us to close stores in desirable locations. Certain leases have early termination options, which can be exercised under certain specific conditions. In addition to future minimum lease payments, some of our store leases provide for additional rental payments based on a percentage of net sales, or “percentage rent,” if sales at the respective stores exceed specified levels, as well as the payment of tenant occupancy costs, including maintenance costs, common area charges, real estate taxes and certain other expenses. Many of our lease agreements have defined escalating rent provisions over the initial term and any extensions. We depend on cash flow from operations to pay our lease expenses. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities to fund these expenses, due to continued decreases in mall traffic, the highly competitive and promotional retail environment, or other factors, we may not be able to service our lease expenses, which could materially harm our business. Furthermore, the significant cash flow required to satisfy our obligations under the leases increases our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry, and competitive conditions, and could limit our ability to fund working capital, incur indebtedness, and make capital expenditures or other investments in our business. We rely on key personnel, the loss of whom could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success depends to a significant extent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified key personnel, including senior management, and, in particular, Jay Schottenstein, our Executive Chairman and CEO as well as Jennifer Foyle, our Chief Creative Officer. Collective or individual changes in our senior management and other key personnel could have an adverse effect on our ability to determine and execute our strategies, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. There is a high level of competition for senior management and other key personnel, and we cannot be assured we will be able to attract, retain, and develop a sufficient number of qualified senior managers and other key personnel. Legal, Tax, and Regulatory Risks The Company’s amended and restated bylaws (“Bylaws”) provide, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the Company and its stockholders, which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit the ability of the Company’s stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company’s directors, officers or other employees. Our Bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director or officer or other employee or agent of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, including a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any current or former director or officer or other employee or agent of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), or the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, (iv) any action asserting a claim related to or involving the Company or any current or former director or officer or other employee or agent of the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware or (v) any action asserting an “internal corporate claim,” as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL shall, in each case, be the Delaware Court of Chancery located within the State of Delaware (or, if the Delaware Court of Chancery located within the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware). 21 The choice of forum provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company’s directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company or the Company’s directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision containe d in the Company’s B ylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. The exclusive forum provision in the Company’s B ylaws will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws including the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as amended, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We may be unable to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. We believe that our trademarks and service marks, as described in Part 1, Item 1, Business, are important to our success and our competitive position due to their name recognition with our customers. We devote substantial resources to establishing and protecting our trademarks and service marks. We are not aware of any material claims of infringement or material challenges to our right to use any of our trademarks. Nevertheless, the actions we have taken, including to establish and protect our trademarks and service marks, may not be adequate to prevent others from imitating our products or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products. Other parties may also claim that some of our products infringe on their trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. Litigation regarding our trademarks and other intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. A complex regulatory, compliance and legal environment could adversely affect us. We are subject to numerous domestic and foreign laws and regulations affecting our business, including those related to labor, employment, worker health and safety, competition, privacy, consumer protection, import/export and anti-corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Additional legal and regulatory requirements have increased the complexity of the regulatory environment and the cost of compliance. If these laws change without our knowledge, or are violated by importers, designers, manufacturers, distributors or employees, we could experience delays in shipments or receipt of goods or be subject to fines or other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our business. Also, changes in laws and regulations could make operating our business more expensive or require us to change the way we do business. Our employees, subcontractors, vendors and suppliers could take actions that violate our policies and procedures which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and on the market price of our common stock. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate could adversely affect us. We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which include reserves for uncertain tax positions in multiple tax jurisdictions. At any one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. In addition, the tax laws and regulations in the countries where we operate may change or there may be changes in interpretation and enforcement of existing tax laws. As a result, we expect that throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as events occur and exposures are evaluated. Our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings by jurisdiction or by changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. Impact of various legal proceedings, lawsuits, disputes, and claims could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As a multinational company, we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes, and claims (“Actions”) arising in the ordinary course of our business. Many of these Actions raise complex factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. Actions filed against us from time to time include commercial, intellectual property, customer, employment, and data privacy claims , including class action lawsuits. Actions are in various procedural stages and some are covered only in part by insurance. We cannot predict with assurance the outcome of Actions brought against us. Accordingly, developments, settlements, or resolutions may occur and impact income in the quarter of such development, settlement, or resolution. An unfavorable outcome could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 22 General Risk F actors Additionally, other factors could adversely affect our financial performance, including factors such as: our ability to successfully acquire and integrate other businesses; any interruption of our key infrastructure systems, including exceeding capacity in our distribution centers; any disaster or casualty resulting in the interruption of service from our distribution centers or in a large number of our stores; any interruption of our business related to an outbreak of a pandemic disease in a country where we source or market our merchandise; extreme weather conditions or changes in climate conditions or weather patterns; and the effects of changes in interest rates. The impact of any of the previously discussed factors, some of which are beyond our control, and others which we are not aware of or which we do not currently consider material, may cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations expressed elsewhere in this Form 10-K and other forward-looking statements we may make from time-to-time.