Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 21 Item 2. Properties 21 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 21 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 21 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 22 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 24 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 44 Consolidated Balance Sheets 45 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity 46 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 47 Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 48 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 49 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 86 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 86 Item 9B. Other Information 87 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 88 Item 11. Executive Compensation 88 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 89 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 89 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 89 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 90 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 90 Index to Exhibits 91 Signatures 95 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business GENERAL Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (“A&F”), a company incorporated in Delaware in 1996, through its subsidiaries (collectively, A&F and its subsidiaries are referred to as the “Company” and “we”), is a global multi-brand omnichannel specialty retailer, whose products are sold primarily through its Company-owned store and digital channels, as well as through various third-party wholesale, franchise and licensing arrangements. The Company offers a broad assortment of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids under the Hollister, Abercrombie & Fitch and abercrombie kids brands . The brands share a commitment to offering unique products of enduring quality and exceptional comfort that allow customers around the world to express their own individuality and style. The Company primarily has operations in North America, Europe and Asia, among other regions. The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31. This typically results in a fifty-two-week year, but occasionally gives rise to an additional week, resulting in a fifty-three-week year. Fiscal years are designated in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto, as well as the remainder of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, by the calendar year in which the fiscal year commenced. All references herein to the Company’s fiscal years are as follows: Fiscal year Year ended Number of weeks Fiscal 2015 January 30, 2016 52 Fiscal 2016 January 28, 2017 52 Fiscal 2017 February 3, 2018 53 Fiscal 2018 February 2, 2019 52 Fiscal 2019 February 1, 2020 52 Fiscal 2020 January 30, 2021 52 For additional information about the Company’s business see “ ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ,” as well as “ ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA ,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, a five-year summary of certain financial and operating information can be found in “ ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA ” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Recent developments - COVID-19 As a result of the current outbreak of coronavirus disease (“COVID 19”), in January 2020, the Company began to experience business disruptions in the Asia-Pacific region, including the temporary closure of stores in China and the surrounding area, modified operating hours in certain stores that remained open, and a decline in traffic. In late February 2020, the situation escalated as the scope of COVID-19 worsened beyond the Asia-Pacific region, with Europe and the United States experiencing significant outbreaks. In March 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak was declared to be a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. In response to COVID-19, certain governments have imposed travel restrictions and local statutory quarantines. The Company is monitoring and reacting to the COVID-19 situation on a daily basis, including by conforming to local government and global health organizations’ guidance; implementing global travel restrictions; and recommending associates who are able to perform their role remotely to do so. With the wellbeing of the Company’s customers, associates and business partners in mind, the Company temporarily closed its Company-operated stores across brands in North America and Europe, effective March 15, 2020 and March 16, 2020, respectively, and expects these stores to remain closed until further notice. The majority of the Company’s stores in the Asia-Pacific region have reopened, although many with temporarily reduced operating hours. The Company plans to follow the guidance of local governments and health organizations to determine when it can reopen these stores and to evaluate whether further store closures in the Asia-Pacific region will be necessary. As the situation continues to evolve rapidly, the Company is not currently able to predict the timing of store reopenings, which may occur on a location-by-location basis. The Company’s robust digital operations across brands remain open to serve the Company’s customers during this unprecedented period of temporary store closures. The Company is monitoring the impacts COVID-19 has had, and continues to have, on its global supply chain, including potential disruptions of product deliveries. The Company sources the majority of its merchandise outside of the U.S. through arrangements with vendors primarily located in southeast Asia. In order to complete production, these vendors’ manufacturing factories are dependent on raw materials from fabric mills that are primarily located in the Asia-Pacific region. The Company is collaborating with its third-party partners to mitigate significant delays in delivery of merchandise, as certain factories have been closed, and certain other factories are operating at a limited capacity. 3 Table of Contents The Company entered this period of uncertainty with a healthy liquidity position and is taking immediate, aggressive and prudent actions, including reevaluating all expenditures, to enhance the Company’s ability to meet the business’ short-term liquidity needs, in order to best position the business for its key stakeholders, including the Company’s associates, customers and shareholders. As a precautionary measure, in March 2020, the Company borrowed $210 million under its asset-based revolving credit facility to improve its cash position and withdrew the majority of excess funds from the Company’s overfunded Rabbi Trust assets, which provided the Company with $50 million of additional cash. The Company continues to partner with its vendors, landlords, and lenders to preserve liquidity and mitigate risk during this unprecedented COVID-19 outbreak. In addition, the Company is actively monitoring and assessing the rapidly emerging government policy and economic stimulus responses to COVID-19. The Company has seen, and expects to continue to see material reductions in sales across brands and regions as a result of COVID-19. In addition, these reductions in revenue have not been offset by proportional decreases in expense, as the Company continues to incur store occupancy costs such as operating lease costs and depreciation expense, and certain other costs such as compensation and administrative expenses, resulting in a negative effect on the relationship between the Company’s costs and revenues. In addition, the Company could experience other material impacts as a result of COVID-19, including, but not limited to, charges from potential adjustments of the carrying amount of inventory, asset impairment charges, deferred tax valuation allowances and changes in the effectiveness of its hedging instruments. The current circumstances are dynamic and the impacts of COVID-19 on the Company’s business operations, including the duration and impact on overall customer demand, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, although the Company anticipates COVID-19 will have a material adverse impact on its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in Fiscal 2020. For further information about COVID-19, refer to “ ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS ,” “ ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ," and Note 22, “ SUBSEQUENT EVENTS ,” of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in “ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. BRANDS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company’s brands are as follows: Brand Description Hollister The quintessential apparel brand of the global teen consumer, Hollister Co. believes in liberating the spirit of an endless summer inside everyone. At Hollister, summer isn’t just a season, it’s a state of mind. Hollister creates carefree style designed to make all teens feel celebrated and comfortable in their own skin, so they can live in a summer mindset all year long, whatever the season. Hollister also carries an intimates brand, Gilly Hicks by Hollister, which offers intimates, loungewear and sleepwear. Its products are designed to invite everyone to embrace who they are underneath it all. Abercrombie & Fitch Abercrombie & Fitch believes that every day should feel as exceptional as the start of the long weekend. Since 1892, the brand has been a specialty retailer of quality apparel, outerwear and fragrance - designed to inspire our global customers to feel confident, be comfortable and face their Fierce. abercrombie kids A global specialty retailer of quality, comfortable, made-to-play favorites, abercrombie kids sees the world through kids’ eyes, where play is life and every day is an opportunity to be anything and better everything. The Company determines its segments after taking into consideration a variety of factors, including its organizational structure and the basis that it uses to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company’s two operating segments as of February 1, 2020 are brand-based: Hollister and Abercrombie, the latter of which includes the Company’s Abercrombie & Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. These operating segments have similar economic characteristics, classes of consumers, products, production and distribution methods, operate in the same regulatory environments, and have been aggregated into one reportable segment. Additional information concerning the Company’s segment and geographic information is contained in Note 18 , “ SEGMENT REPORTING ” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in “ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 4 Table of Contents STRATEGY AND KEY BUSINESS PRIORITIES Navigating COVID-19 The Company is currently focused on navigating the recent challenges presented by COVID-19, primarily by: • Prioritizing digital operations to serve the Company’s customers during this unprecedented period of temporary store closures; and • Preserving liquidity and managing cash flow by taking immediate, aggressive and prudent actions, including reevaluating all expenditures, to enhance the Company’s ability to meet the business’ short-term liquidity needs, in order to best position the business for the Company’s key stakeholders, including its associates, customers and shareholders. Long-term strategy As the COVID-19 situation allows, the Company continues to evaluate opportunities to make progress on initiatives that position the business for sustainable long-term growth that align with its strategic pillars on a market-by-market basis. The Company remains committed to putting its customers at the center of everything that it does and meeting its customers’ needs whenever, wherever and however they choose to shop. In a rapidly evolving retail landscape, the Company works to accomplish this through: • Inspiring customers; • Innovating relentlessly; and • Developing leaders. The following initiatives serve as a framework to achieving the Company’s long-term operating margin target, predicated on total sales growth, gross profit rate expansion and operating expense leverage: • Continue to make progress against our stated transformation initiatives , including: optimizing our global store network; enhancing digital and omnichannel capabilities; increasing the speed and efficiency of our concept-to-customer product life cycle; and improving our customer engagement; • Address market opportunities for our brands across Europe and Asia through the ongoing build-out of our London and Shanghai teams, which are focused on providing localized product and marketing. These teams, and the rollout of new store experiences in underpenetrated international markets, support our long-term vision of becoming one of the leading global omnichannel apparel retailers in the world; • Grow abercrombie kids and Gilly Hicks by Hollister by increasing domestic and international awareness through new store experiences, engaging product launches and thoughtful marketing; and • Leverage data analytics to retrieve timely, customer insights that will evolve markdown and size optimization, accelerate responsiveness to customer demands, introduce additional personalization measures and improve customer engagement. OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONS Omnichannel initiatives As customer shopping preferences continue to shift and customers increasingly shop across multiple channels, the Company aims to create best-in-class customer experiences and grow total company profitability by delivering improvements through a continuous test-and-learn approach. Although stores continue to be the primary fulfillment point for orders, the Company believes that the customers’ experience in its stores is complemented by its omnichannel capabilities, a few of which include: • Purchase-Online-Pickup-in-Store, allowing customers to purchase merchandise through one of the Company’s websites or mobile apps and pick-up the merchandise in store, which often times drives incremental in-store sales; • Order-in-Store, allowing customers to shop the brands’ in-store and online offering while in-store; • Reserve-in-Store, allowing customers to reserve merchandise online and try it on in-store before purchase; • Ship-from-Store, which allows the Company to ship in-store merchandise to customers and increases inventory productivity; and • Cross-channel returns, allowing customers to return merchandise purchased through one channel to a different channel. The Company also believes that its loyalty programs, Hollister’s Club Cali ® and Abercrombie’s myAbercrombie ® , are important parts of its omnichannel strategy as the Company aims to seamlessly interact and connect with customers across all touchpoints through members-only offers, items and experiences. Under these programs, customers accumulate points primarily based on purchase activity and earn rewards as points are converted at certain thresholds. These rewards can be redeemed for merchandise discounts either in-store or online. The loyalty programs continue to provide timely customer insights, creating stronger customer engagement while driving a higher average level of customer spend. 5 Table of Contents Store operations The Company continues to invest in stores, with Hollister and Abercrombie launching new store prototypes, which are open and inviting, and include accommodating features such as innovative fitting rooms and omnichannel capabilities. These new store prototypes are tailored to reflect the personality of each brand, with unique furniture, fixtures, music and scent adding to a rich brand experience. The Company’s stores continue to play an essential role in creating brand awareness serving as physical gateways to the brands. Stores also serve as local hubs for online engagement as the Company continues to grow its omnichannel capabilities to create seamless shopping experiences. The Company continues to evaluate and manage its store fleet through its ongoing global store network optimization initiative and has taken actions to optimize store productivity by remodeling, right-sizing or relocating stores to smaller square footage locations, and closing stores. All of the retail stores operated by the Company, as of February 1, 2020 , are located in leased facilities, primarily in shopping centers. These leases generally have initial terms of between five and ten years. Certain leases also include early termination options, which can be exercised under specific conditions. The leases expire at various dates, between 2020 and 2031. As of February 1, 2020 , the Company operated 854 retail stores as detailed in the table below: Hollister (1) Abercrombie (2) Total Europe 109 20 129 Asia 30 21 51 Canada 10 7 17 Middle East 6 4 10 International 155 52 207 United States 391 256 647 Total 546 308 854 (1) Excludes nine international franchise stores and 17 U.S. Company-operated temporary stores as of February 1, 2020 . (2) Includes Abercrombie & Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. Locations with abercrombie kids carveouts within Abercrombie & Fitch stores are represented as a single store count. Excludes seven international franchise stores and eight U.S. Company-operated temporary stores as of February 1, 2020 . For store count and gross square footage by brand and geographic region as of February 1, 2020 and February 2, 2019 , refer to “ ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS .” Digital operations In order to create a more seamless shopping experience for its customers, the Company continues to invest in its digital infrastructure. The Company has the capability to ship merchandise to customers in more than 120 countries and process transactions in 29 currencies and through 28 forms of payment globally. The Company operates desktop and mobile websites for its brands globally, which are available in various local languages, and four mobile apps. In addition, in its efforts to expand its international brand reach, the Company also partners with certain third-party e-commerce platforms. Mobile engagement continues to grow, with over 80% of the Company’s digital traffic generated from mobile devices in Fiscal 2019 . To improve the overall mobile experience, the Company continues to develop and expand its mobile capabilities, including streamlined checkout and increased ease of navigation. Wholesale, franchise and licensing operations The Company continues to expand its international brand reach, create brand awareness and develop local expertise through various wholesale, franchise and licensing arrangements. As of February 1, 2020 , the Company had seven wholesale partnerships, primarily internationally. As of February 1, 2020 , the Company’s franchisees operated 16 international franchise stores across the brands located in Mexico, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. 6 Table of Contents SOURCING OF MERCHANDISE INVENTORY The Company works with its network of third-party vendors to supply compelling, on-trend and high-quality product assortments to its customers. These vendors are expected to respect local laws and have committed to follow the standards set forth in the Company’s Vendor Code of Conduct, which details the Company’s dedication to human rights, labor rights, environmental responsibility and workplace safety. The Company sourced merchandise through approximately 120 vendors located in 18 countries, including the United States (“U.S.”), during Fiscal 2019 . The Company’s largest vendor accounted for approximately 11% of merchandise sourced in Fiscal 2019 , based on the cost of sourced merchandise. The Company believes its product sourcing is appropriately distributed among vendors. Refer to Note 5 , “ INVENTORIES ,” for a summary of inventory sourced based on vendor location and dollar cost of merchandise receipts during Fiscal 2019 . DISTRIBUTION OF MERCHANDISE INVENTORY The Company’s distribution network is built to deliver inventory to Company-operated and international franchise stores and fulfill digital and wholesale orders with speed and efficiency. Generally, merchandise is shipped directly from vendors to the Company’s distribution centers, where it is received and inspected before being shipped to the Company’s stores or its digital or wholesale customers. The Company relies on its distribution centers to manage the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and distribution of its merchandise. Additional information pertaining to certain of the Company’s distribution centers as of February 1, 2020 follows: Location Company-owned or third-party New Albany, Ohio Company-owned New Albany, Ohio Company-owned Bergen op Zoom, Netherlands Third-party Shanghai, China Third-party Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“SAR”), China Third-party In addition, during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2019, the Company entered into a nine-year service and distribution agreement for a facility to be located in the Phoenix, Arizona area, with services expected to commence in Fiscal 2021. The Company primarily uses one contract carrier to ship merchandise and related materials to its North American customers, and several contract carriers for its international customers. COMPETITION The Company operates in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive retail business environment. Competitors include: individual and chain specialty apparel retailers; local, regional, national and international department stores; discount stores; and online- exclusive businesses. Additionally, the Company competes for consumers’ discretionary spend with businesses in other product and experiential categories such as technology, restaurants, travel and media content. The Company competes primarily on the basis of differentiating its brands from competition through: product, higher quality and increased newness; brand voice, amplifying and consolidating brand messaging; and experience, investing in immersive, participatory omnichannel shopping environments. Operating in a highly competitive industry environment can cause the Company to engage in greater than expected promotional activity, which would result in pressure on average unit retail and gross profit. Refer to “ ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - Our failure to operate in a highly competitive and constantly evolving industry could have a material adverse impact on our business ” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the potential impacts competition may have on the Company. SEASONAL BUSINESS Historically, the Company’s operations have been seasonal in nature and consist of two principal selling seasons: the spring season, which includes the first and second fiscal quarters and the fall season, which includes the third and fourth fiscal quarters. The Company experiences its greatest sales activity during the fall season, the third and fourth fiscal quarters, due to Back-to-School and Holiday sales periods, respectively. Refer to “ ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 7 Table of Contents TRADEMARKS The trademarks Abercrombie & Fitch ® , abercrombie ® , Hollister ® , Gilly Hicks ® and the “Moose” and “Seagull” logos are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and registered, or the Company has applications for registration pending, with the registries of countries in key markets within the Company’s sales and distribution channels. In addition, these trademarks are either registered, or the Company has applications for registration pending, with the registries of many of the foreign countries in which the manufacturers of the Company’s products are located. The Company has also registered, or has applied to register, certain other trademarks in the U.S. and around the world. The Company believes its products are identified by its trademarks and, therefore, its trademarks are of significant value. Each registered trademark has a duration of 10 to 20 years, depending on the date it was registered, and the country in which it is registered, and is subject to an indefinite number of renewals for a like period upon continued use and appropriate application. The Company intends to continue using its core trademarks and to timely renew each of its registered trademarks that remain in use. INFORMATION SYSTEMS The Company’s Company-owned and third-party operated management information systems consist of a full range of retail, merchandising, human resource and financial systems. These systems include applications related to point-of-sale, digital operations, inventory management, supply chain, planning, sourcing, merchandising, payroll, scheduling and financial reporting. The Company continues to invest in technology to upgrade its core systems to create efficiencies, such as size and markdown optimization tools, and to support its digital operations, omnichannel capabilities, customer relationship management tools and loyalty programs. WORKING CAPITAL Refer to “ ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the Company’s cash requirements and sources of cash available for working capital needs and investment opportunities. ASSOCIATE RELATIONS As of February 1, 2020 , the Company employed approximately 44,000 associates, of whom approximately 36,000 were part-time associates. On average, the Company employed approximately 14,000 full-time equivalents during Fiscal 2019 . 8 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors of the Company. Set forth below is certain information regarding the executive officers of the Company as of March 25, 2020 : Fran Horowitz, Chief Executive Officer and Director Age: 56 Executive Roles: • Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director (since February 2017) • Former member of the Office of the Chairman of the Company, which was formed in December 2014 to allow for effective management of the Company during a transition in leadership until it was dissolved in February 2017 upon Ms. Horowitz’s appointment as Chief Executive Officer • Former President and Chief Merchandising Officer for all brands of the Company (December 2015 - February 2017) and former Brand President of Hollister (October 2014 - December 2015) • Former President of Ann Taylor Loft, a division of Ascena Retail Group, the parent company of specialty retail fashion brands in North America (October 2013 - October 2014) • Formerly held various roles at Express, Inc., a specialty apparel and accessories retailer of women’s and men’s merchandise (February 2005 - November 2012), including Executive Vice President of Women’s Merchandising and Design (May 2010 - November 2012) • Formerly held various merchandising roles at Bloomingdale’s and various positions at Bergdorf Goodman, Bonwit Teller and Saks Fifth Avenue Other Leadership Roles: • Member of the Board of Directors of SeriousFun Children’s Network, Inc., a Connecticut non-profit corporation that provides specially-adapted camp experiences for children with serious illnesses and their families, free of charge, globally (since March 2017) • Member of the Columbus Partnership, a non-profit organization of chief executive officers from leading businesses and institutions in Columbus, Ohio, with the goal of improving economic development in the city that is home to the Company (since May 2018) • Member of the Board of Directors of Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose (CECP), a CEO-led coalition that helps companies transform their social strategy by providing customized resources (since October 2019) John M. Gabrielli, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resource Officer Age: 50 Executive Roles: • Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resource Officer (since August 2017) • Formerly held various roles in human resources, with increasing responsibility with the Company (since March 2007) including rising to the position of Senior Vice President, Human Resources (January 2015 - August 2017) • Formerly held various corporate and field-based human resources positions at Kohl’s Corporation, a department store operator, (November 2003 - March 2007), including Vice President of Human Resources. • Formerly held various human resources, finance and merchandising roles for the May Department Stores Company and American Eagle Outfitters, Inc., including Director of Corporate Recruiting at American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (August 2002 - November 2003) Other Leadership Roles: • Member of the Board of Directors of Flying Horse Farms, a medical specialty camp that provides healing, transformative experiences for children with serious illnesses and their families—free of cha rge (since March 2018) Gregory J. Henchel, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Age: 52 Executive Roles: • Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (since October 2018) • Former Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of HSNi, a $3 billion multi-channel retailer (February 2010 - December 2017) • Former Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Tween Brands, Inc., a specialty retailer (October 2005 - February 2010) and served as that company’s Secretary (August 2008 - February 2010) • Formerly held various roles at Cardinal Health, Inc., a global medical device, pharmaceutical and healthcare technology company, including Assistant General Counsel of Cardinal Health (2001 - October 2005), and Senior Litigation Counsel (May 1998 - 2001) • Formerly held position as a litigation associate with the law firm of Jones Day (September 1993 - May 1998) 9 Table of Contents Scott D. Lipesky, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Age: 45 Executive Roles: • Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, as well as Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company (since October 2017) • Prior to rejoining the Company, formerly served as Chief Financial Officer of American Signature, Inc., a privately-held home furnishings company (October 2016 - October 2017) • Formerly held various leadership roles and finance positions with the Company (November 2007 - October 2016) including: Chief Financial Officer, Hollister Brand, (September 2014 - October 2016); Vice President, Merchandise Finance (March 2013 - September 2014); Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis (November 2012 - March 2013); and Senior Director, Financial Planning and Analysis (November 2010 - November 2012) • Former Corporate Finance Director with FTI Consulting Inc., a global financial services advisory firm • Former Director of Corporate Business Development with The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company • Formerly held position as a Certified Public Accountant with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Kristin Scott, President, Global Brands Age: 52 Executive Roles: • President, Global Brands of the Company (since November 2018) • Former Brand President of Hollister (August 2016 - November 2018) • Formerly held senior positions at Victoria’s Secret, a specialty retailer of women’s intimate and other apparel which sells products at Victoria’s Secret stores and online, ( December 2007 - April 2016), including: Executive Vice President, General Merchandise Manager (March 2013 - April 2016); Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager (March 2009 - March 2013); and Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager - Stores (December 2007 - March 2009) • Formerly held various planning and merchandising positions at Gap Inc., Target, and Marshall Fields. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS Historically, compliance with regulations related to the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment have not had a material effect upon the Company’s capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. In addition, as of February 1, 2020 , the Company did not have any material commitments related to compliance with regulations related to environmental matters. The current circumstances and precautionary government regulations made in response to COVID-19 are dynamic. There remains significant uncertainty as to the ultimate impact that compliance with government regulations made in response to COVID-19 and protecting the environment will have on the Company’s earnings and capital expenditures. Refer to “ ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS ” and “ ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion of the potential impacts environmental matters may have on the Company, including further discussion of COVID-19. OTHER INFORMATION The Company makes available free of charge on its website, corporate.abercrombie.com, under the “Investors, Financials, SEC Filings,” section, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The Company also makes available free of charge in the same section of its website the definitive proxy materials filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such proxy materials with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains electronic filings by the Company and other issuers at www.sec.gov. The Company has included certain of its website addresses throughout this filing as textual references only. The information contained within these websites is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 10 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS. We caution that any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or made by us, our management or our spokespeople involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, many of which may be beyond our control. Words such as “estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Except as may be required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. The current outbreak of COVID-19 has caused business disruption beginning in January 2020. In March 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak was declared to be a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. Further, the Company has seen, and expects to continue to see a direct, material adverse impact to sales and operations as a result of COVID-19. The rapidly evolving COVID-19 situation also poses various risks to the Company, certain of which are detailed throughout this Item 1A. Risk Factors. Any one of these risks, or a combination of risks could result in further adverse impacts on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, the following factors, categorized by the primary nature of the associated risk, could affect our financial performance and cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of the forward-looking statements. Macroeconomic and industry risks include: • Changes in global economic and financial conditions, and the resulting impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, as well as other changes in consumer discretionary spending habits could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • Failure to engage our customers, anticipate customer demand and changing fashion trends, and manage our inventory commensurately could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • Our failure to operate in a highly competitive and constantly evolving industry could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • Our ability to attract customers to our stores depends, in part, on the success of the shopping malls or area attractions that our stores are located in or around ; • The impact of war, acts of terrorism, mass casualty events or civil unrest could have a material adverse impact on our business ; and • The impact of extreme weather, infectious disease outbreaks, including COVID-19, and other unexpected events could result in an interruption to our business, as well as to the operations of our third-party partners, and have a material adverse impact on our business . Strategic risks include: • Failure to successfully develop an omnichannel shopping experience, a significant component of our growth strategy, or failure to successfully invest in customer, digital and omnichannel initiatives could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • Our failure to optimize our global store network could have a material adverse impact on our business ; and • Our failure to execute our international growth strategy successfully and inability to conduct business in international markets as a result of legal, tax, regulatory, political and economic risks could have a material adverse impact on our business . Operational risks include: • Failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • If our information technology systems are disrupted or cease to operate effectively it could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • We may be exposed to risks and costs associated with cyber-attacks, data protection, credit card fraud and identity theft that could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • Our reliance on our distribution centers makes us susceptible to disruptions or adverse conditions affecting our supply chain ; • Changes in the cost, availability and quality of raw materials, labor, transportation, and trade relations could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • We depend upon independent third parties for the manufacture and delivery of all our merchandise, and a disruption of the manufacture or delivery of our merchandise could have a material adverse impact on our business ; and • We rely on the experience and skills of our executive officers and associates, and the failure to attract or retain this talent, or effectively manage succession could have a material adverse impact on our business . Legal, tax, regulatory and compliance risks include: • Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility in our results of operations could have a material adverse impact on our business ; 11 Table of Contents • Our litigation exposure, or any securities litigation and shareholder activism, could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • Failure to adequately protect our trademarks could have a negative impact on our brand image and limit our ability to penetrate new markets which could have a material adverse impact on our business ; • Changes in the regulatory or compliance landscape could have a material adverse impact on our business ; and • Our credit facilities include restrictive covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business and our inability to obtain credit on reasonable terms in the future could have an adverse impact on our business . The factors listed above are not our only risks. Additional risks may arise, and current evaluations of risks may change, which could lead to material, adverse effects on our business, operating results and financial condition. The following sets forth a description of the preceding risk factors that we believe may be relevant to an understanding of our business. These risk factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of our forward-looking statements. MACROECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY RISKS. Changes in global economic and financial conditions, and the resulting impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, as well as other changes in consumer discretionary spending habits could have a material adverse impact on our business . Our business depends on consumer demand for our merchandise. Consumer preferences and discretionary spending habits, including purchases of our merchandise, can be adversely impacted by recessionary periods and other periods where disposable income is adversely affected. Our performance is subject to factors that affect worldwide economic conditions including unemployment, consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth based on declines in the financial, residential real estate and mortgage markets, sales and personal income tax rates, fuel and energy prices, interest rates, consumer confidence in future economic and political conditions, consumer perceptions of personal well-being and security, the value of the U.S. Dollar versus foreign currencies and other macroeconomic factors. Global uncertainty, such as the terms surrounding the United Kingdom’s recent exit from the European Union, uncertainty with respect to trade policies and COVID-19, has in the past, and could in the future, cause changes in consumer confidence and in consumers’ discretionary spending habits globally, resulting in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. The economic conditions and factors described above could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, and may exacerbate other risks within this section of Item 1A “Risk Factors.” Changes in economic conditions could also impact our ability to fund growth and/or result in our becoming reliant on external financing, the availability and cost of which may be uncertain. Failure to engage our customers, anticipate customer demand and changing fashion trends, and manage our inventory commensurately could have a material adverse impact on our business . Our success largely depends on our ability to anticipate and gauge the fashion preferences of our customers and provide merchandise that satisfies constantly shifting demands in a timely manner. Because we may enter into agreements for the manufacture and purchase of merchandise well in advance of the applicable selling season, we are vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences and demand, pricing shifts, and the sub-optimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will continue to anticipate consumer demands and accurately plan inventory successfully in the future. Changing consumer preferences and fashion trends, whether we are able to anticipate, identify and respond to them or not, could adversely impact our sales. Inventory levels for certain merchandise styles no longer considered to be “on trend” may increase, leading to higher markdowns to sell through excess inventory and, therefore, lower than planned margins. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our merchandise, or if our manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty and result in lost sales. We could also be at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to leverage data analytics to retrieve timely, customer insights to appropriately respond to customer demands and improve customer engagement. Any of these events could significantly harm our operating results and financial condition. In addition to our own execution, we also need to react to factors affecting inventory flow that are outside our control, such as natural disasters or other unforeseen events that may significantly impact anticipated customer demand as we have seen with COVID-19. If we are not able to adjust appropriately to such factors, our inventory management may be affected, which could adversely impact our performance and our reputation. 12 Table of Contents Our failure to operate in a highly competitive and constantly evolving industry could have a material adverse impact on our business . The sale of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids is a highly competitive business with numerous participants, including individual and chain specialty apparel retailers, local, regional, national and international department stores, discount stores and online-exclusive businesses. Proliferation of the digital channel within the last few years has encouraged the entry of many new competitors and an increase in competition from established companies. These increases in competition could reduce our ability to retain and grow sales, resulting in an adverse impact to our operating results and business. We also face a variety of challenges in the highly competitive and constantly evolving retail industry, including: • anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer shopping preferences better than our competitors; • maintaining favorable brand recognition and effective marketing of our products to consumers in several diverse demographic markets; • retaining customers, including our loyalty club members, as if we were to fail, it could result in increased marketing costs to acquire new customers; • developing innovative, high-quality merchandise in styles that appeal to consumers and in ways that favorably distinguish us from our competitors; • countering the aggressive pricing and promotional activities of many of our competitors without diminishing the aspirational nature of our brands and brand equity; and, • identifying and assessing disruptive innovation, by existing or new competitors, that could alter the competitive landscape by: improving the customer experience and heightening customer expectations; transforming supply chain and corporate operations through digital technologies and artificial intelligence; and enhancing management decision-making through use of data analytics to develop new, consumer insights. In light of the competitive challenges we face, we may not be able to compete successfully in the future. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse impact on our business . Due to our international operations, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, certain of our subsidiaries transact in currencies other than their functional currency, including intercompany transactions, which results in foreign currency transaction gains or losses. Furthermore, we purchase substantially all of our inventory in U.S. Dollars. As a result, our sales, gross profit and gross profit rate from international operations will be negatively impacted during periods of a strengthened U.S. dollar relative to the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries, as was the case in Fiscal 2019. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely impact consumer spending, delay or prevent successful penetration into new markets or could adversely affect the profitability of our international operations. Certain events, such as the uncertainty as to the ultimate scope and duration of COVID-19, the uncertainty surrounding the terms of United Kingdom’s recent exit from the European Union and uncertainty with respect to trade policies, tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, have increased global economic and political uncertainty in recent years and could result in volatility of foreign currency exchange rates as these events develop. For example, volatility of foreign currency exchange rates and changes in sales assumptions in response to COVID-19 has resulted in changes in the effectiveness of our hedging instruments, and we could see similar impacts in future periods. Our ability to attract customers to our stores depends, in part, on the success of the shopping malls or area attractions that our stores are located in or around . Our stores are primarily located in shopping malls and other shopping centers, certain of which have been experiencing declines in customer traffic. Our sales at these stores, as well as sales at our flagship locations, are partially dependent upon the volume of traffic in those shopping centers and the surrounding area. Our stores may benefit from the ability of a shopping center’s other tenants and area attractions to generate consumer traffic in the vicinity of our stores and the continuing popularity of the shopping center. We cannot control the loss of a significant tenant in a shopping mall or area attraction, the development of new shopping malls in the U.S. or around the world, the availability or cost of appropriate locations or the success of individual shopping malls and there is competition with other retailers for prominent locations. If the popularity of shopping malls declines among our customers, our sales may decline, and it may be appropriate to exit leases earlier than originally anticipated. In addition, COVID-19 has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus, especially when congregating in heavily populated areas, such as shopping malls, and has caused us to recently enact widespread temporary store closures and our landlords to temporarily close certain of the malls in which our stores operate. There is significant uncertainty surrounding the ultimate duration of these closures and consumer willingness to visit shopping malls once they reopen. The impact of these temporary store and shopping mall closures on our current rent obligations remains uncertain and we may be limited in our ability to obtain rent abatements or landlord concessions of rent otherwise payable during this period of temporary store closures. All of these factors may impact our ability to meet our productivity or our growth objectives for our stores and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Part of our future growth is dependent on our ability to operate 13 Table of Contents stores in desirable locations, with capital investment and lease costs providing the opportunity to earn a reasonable return. We cannot be sure when or whether such desirable locations will become available at reasonable costs. The impact of war, acts of terrorism, mass casualty events or civil unrest could have a material adverse impact on our business . In the past, the impact of war, acts of terrorism, mass casualty events or civil unrest and the associated heightened security measures in response to these events have disrupted commerce. Further events of this nature, domestic or abroad, including the ongoing protests in China’s Hong Kong SAR, may disrupt commerce and undermine consumer confidence and consumer spending by causing a decline in traffic, store closures and a decrease in digital demand adversely affecting our operating results. Furthermore, the existence or threat of any other unforeseen interruption of commerce, could negatively impact our business by interfering with the availability of raw materials or our ability to obtain merchandise from foreign manufacturers. With a substantial portion of our merchandise being imported from foreign countries, failure to obtain merchandise from our foreign manufacturers or substitute other manufacturers, at similar costs and in a timely manner, could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. The impact of extreme weather, infectious disease outbreaks, including COVID-19, and other unexpected events could result in an interruption to our business, as well as to the operations of our third-party partners, and have a material adverse impact on our business . Our retail stores, corporate offices, distribution centers, infrastructure projects and digital operations, as well as the operations of our vendors and manufacturers, are vulnerable to disruption from natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks and other unexpected events. These events could disrupt the operations of our corporate offices, global stores and supply chain and those of our third-party partners, including our vendors and manufacturers. In addition to impacts on global operations, these events could result in the potential loss of customers and revenues as a result of store closures, delay in merchandise deliveries, reduced consumer confidence or changes in consumers’ discretionary spending habits. These events could reduce the availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture our merchandise, which could result in delays in responding to consumer demand resulting in the potential loss of customers and revenues or we may incur increased costs to meet demand and may not be able to pass all or a portion of higher costs on to our customers, which could adversely affect our gross margin and results of our operations. We could also be adversely affected if government authorities impose mandatory store closures, or restrict the import or export of products, in response to an unexpected event such as an infectious disease outbreak. Even if such measures are not implemented or infectious disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may adversely affect our business and operating results. Our business has been materially, adversely impacted by COVID-19. At this point in time, there is significant uncertainty relating to the ultimate impact COVID-19 will have on the Company’s business and the Company could experience further adverse impacts as the scope of COVID-19 evolves or if the duration of business disruptions from COVID-19 continues longer than initially anticipated, either of which could further adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. Refer to “ ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. ,” for further discussion. In addition, historically, our operations have been seasonal, and extreme weather conditions, including natural disasters, unseasonable weather or changes in weather patterns, may diminish demand for our seasonal merchandise and could also influence consumer preferences and fashion trends, consumer traffic and shopping habits. In addition, we may incur costs that exceed our applicable insurance coverage for any necessary repairs to damages or business disruption. Any of the factors listed above could reduce sales and profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. STRATEGIC RISKS. Failure to successfully develop an omnichannel shopping experience, a significant component of our growth strategy, or failure to successfully invest in customer, digital and omnichannel initiatives could have a material adverse impact on our business . As omnichannel retailing continues to grow and evolve, our customers increasingly interact with our brands through a variety of media including smart phones and tablets, and expect seamless integration across all touchpoints. As our success depends on our ability to respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and ability to engage our customers, we have made significant investments and significant operational changes to develop our digital and omnichannel capabilities globally, including the development of localized fulfillment, shipping and customer service operations, investments in digital media to attract new customers and the rollout of omnichannel capabilities listed in “ ITEM 1. BUSINESS .” While we must keep up to date with emerging technology trends in the retail environment in order to develop a successful omnichannel shopping experience, it is possible these initiatives may not prove to be successful, may increase our costs, may not succeed in 14 Table of Contents driving sales or attracting customers and could result in significant investments that do not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. In addition, digital operations are subject to numerous risks, including reliance on third-party computer hardware/software and service providers, data breaches, violations of state, federal or international laws, including those relating to online privacy, credit card fraud, telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, and disruption of internet service. Changes in foreign governmental regulations may also negatively impact our ability to deliver product to our customers. Failure to successfully respond to these risks may adversely affect sales as well as damage the reputation of our brands. Our failure to optimize our global store network could have a material adverse impact on our business . While the majority of sales occur within the stores channel, with the evolution of digital and omnichannel capabilities, customer expectations have shifted and there has been greater pressure for a seamless omnichannel experience across all channels. As a result, global store network optimization is an important part of our business and failure to optimize our global store network could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Opportunities to open new stores experiences and modify existing leases requires partnership with our landlords. If our partnerships with our landlords were to deteriorate, this could adversely affect the pace of opening new store experiences. Pursuing the wrong opportunities and any delays, cost increases, disruptions or other uncertainties related to those opportunities could adversely affect our results of operations. If our investments in new stores or remodeling and right-sizing existing stores do not achieve appropriate returns, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Although we attempt to open new stores in prominent locations, it is possible that prominent locations when we opened our stores may cease to be viewed as prominent. For example, our flagship stores, large-format stores in tourist locations with higher than average construction and operating costs, were initially successful upon opening, but are now outdated and, in aggregate, have a disproportionate adverse impact on operating results. The cost involved to modernize many of these flagship stores is significant and oftentimes without promise of a return. As a result, we may elect to exit these leases and other of our store leases earlier than originally anticipated, or modify the leases, which could result in material incremental charges, as seen in the second quarter of Fiscal 2019 when we closed the SoHo, New York City Hollister flagship store. Our failure to execute our international growth strategy successfully and inability to conduct business in international markets as a result of legal, tax, regulatory, political and economic risks could have a material adverse impact on our business . International expansion is a significant component of our growth strategy and may require significant investment, which could strain our resources and adversely impact current store performance, while adding complexity to our current operations. Operational issues that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations if we fail to address them include, but are not limited to, the following: • address the different operational characteristics present in each country in which we operate, including employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate, lease provisions and local reporting or legal requirements; • support global growth by successfully implementing local customer and product-facing teams and certain corporate support functions at our regional headquarters located in Shanghai, China and London, United Kingdom; • hire, train and retain qualified personnel; • maintain good relations with individual associates and groups of associates; • avoid work stoppages or other labor-related issues in our European stores where associates are represented by workers’ councils and unions; • retain acceptance from foreign customers; • manage inventory effectively to meet the needs of existing stores on a timely basis; and • manage foreign currency exchange rate risks effectively. We are subject to domestic laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, in addition to the laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. If any of our overseas operations, or our associates or agents, violate such laws, we could become subject to sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating results. In addition, there continues to be global uncertainty, such as the uncertainty as to the ultimate scope and duration of COVID-19, the uncertainty surrounding the terms of United Kingdom’s recent exit from the European Union and uncertainty with respect to trade policies, tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, and similar events of global unrest. These events have increased global economic and political uncertainty in recent years and could affect our international expansion plans. 15 Table of Contents OPERATIONAL RISKS. Failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse impact on our business . Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical and public perception about our products or operations, whether justified or not, could impair our reputation, involve us in litigation, damage our brands and have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, the broad use of social media allows for anyone to provide public feedback that could influence perceptions of our brands and reduce demand for our merchandise. Events that could jeopardize our reputation, include, but are not limited to, the following: • We fail to maintain high standards for merchandise quality and integrity; • We fall victim to a cyber-attack, which resulted in customer data being compromised; • We fail to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, accounting or environmental standards, or related political considerations; • Our associates’ actions don’t align with our values and fail to comply with our Associate Code of Conduct; • Our third parties with which we have a business relationship, including our brand representatives, fail to represent our brands in a manner consistent with our brand image or act in a way that harms their reputation; and • Our third party vendors fail to comply with our Vendor Code of Conduct or if any third parties with which we have a business relationship with fail to represent our brands in a manner consistent with our brand image. Our position or perceived lack of position on environmental, social, governance, public policy or other similar issues, including any actions we have taken in response to COVID-19, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters could also harm our reputation with consumers or investors. Damage to our reputation and loss of consumer confidence for these or any other reasons could lead to adverse consumer actions, including boycotts, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. If our information technology systems are disrupted or cease to operate effectively it could have a material adverse impact on our business . We rely heavily on our information technology systems in both our customer-facing and corporate operations to: operate our websites and mobile apps; record and process transactions; respond to customer inquiries; manage inventory, including our recently implemented markdown and size optimization tools; purchase, sell and ship merchandise, on a timely basis; maintain cost-efficient operations; create a customer relationship management database through our loyalty programs; and complete other customer-facing and business objectives. Given the significant number of transactions that are completed annually, it is vital to maintain constant operation of our computer hardware, telecommunication systems and software systems, and maintain data security. Despite efforts to prevent such an occurrence, our information technology systems may be vulnerable from time to time to damage or interruption from computer viruses, power system failures, third-party intrusions, inadvertent or intentional breach by our associates or third-party service providers, and other technical malfunctions. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or are obsolete in comparison to those of our competition, we may have to make monetary investments to repair or replace the systems, and we could endure delays in our operations. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than others and may fail to provide the expected benefits. While we regularly evaluate our information technology systems and requirements, we are aware of the inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying these systems, including inaccurate system information, system disruptions and user acceptance and understanding. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems, including a disruption or slowdown caused by our failure to successfully upgrade our systems could cause information to be lost or delayed, including data related to customer orders. Such a loss or delay, especially if the disruption or slowdown occurred during our peak selling seasons, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may be exposed to risks and costs associated with cyber-attacks, data protection, credit card fraud and identity theft that could have a material adverse impact on our business . In the standard course of business, we receive and maintain confidential information about customers, associates and other third parties. In addition, third parties also receive and maintain certain confidential information. The protection of this information is critical to our business and subjects us to numerous laws, rules and regulations domestically and in foreign jurisdictions. The retail industry in particular has been the target of many recent cyber-attacks and it is possible that an individual or group could defeat our security measures, or those of a third-party service provider, and access confidential information. We could experience increased costs associated with protecting confidential information through the implementation of security technologies, processes and procedures, including training programs for associates to raise awareness about phishing, malware and other cyber risks, especially as we implement new technologies, such as new payment capabilities or updates to our mobile apps and websites. Additionally, the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of information technology systems change frequently and increase in complexity and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or 16 Table of Contents have been in place for a period of time. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate, prevent, or immediately identifying cyber-attacks. Furthermore, the global regulatory environment is increasingly complex and demanding with frequent new and changing requirements surrounding cybersecurity, information security and privacy, including the China Cybersecurity Law, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. We may incur significant costs related to compliance with these laws and failure to comply with these regulatory standards, and others, could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, our business has been adversely impacted by COVID-19, and as a result, we have seen an increase in the number of corporate associates working offsite. Offsite working by associates, increased use of public Wi-Fi, and use of office equipment off premises may be necessary, and may make our business more vulnerable to cybersecurity breach attempts. In addition, this period of uncertainty could result in an increase in phishing and other scams, fraud, money laundering, theft and other criminal activity. If we, or a third-party partner, were to fall victim to a successful cyber-attack, suffer intentional or unintentional data and security breaches by associates or third-parties, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, especially an event that compromises customer data or results in the unauthorized release of confidential business or customer information. These and similar events could result in negative consequences, which may include but are not limited to: • remediation costs, such as liability for stolen assets or information, potential legal settlements to affected parties, repairs of system damage, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to maintain relationships after an attack; • increased cybersecurity protection costs, which may include the costs of making organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training associates, and engaging third party experts and consultants; • lost revenues resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack; • litigation and legal risks, including costs of litigation and regulatory, fines, penalties or actions by domestic or international governmental authorities; • increased insurance premiums; • reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence; and • damage to the company’s competitiveness, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. Although we maintain cybersecurity insurance, there can be no assurance that it will be sufficient for a specific cyber incident, or that insurance proceeds will be paid to us in a timely fashion. Our reliance on our distribution centers makes us susceptible to disruptions or adverse conditions affecting our supply chain . Our distribution center operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as system failures, accidents, labor disputes, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, demographic and population changes, as well as other unforeseen events and circumstances, including COVID-19. We rely on our distribution centers to manage the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and distribution of our merchandise. If our distribution operations were disrupted, and we were unable to relocate operations or find other property adequate for conducting business, our ability to replace inventory in our stores and process digital and third-party orders could be interrupted, potentially resulting in adverse impacts to sales or increased costs. Refer to “ ITEM 1. BUSINESS ,” for a listing of certain distribution centers on which we utilize. Changes in the cost, availability and quality of raw materials, labor, transportation, and trade relations could have a material adverse impact on our business . Changes in the cost, availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture our merchandise and fluctuations in the cost of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our cost of sales, or our ability to meet customer demand. The prices for such fabrics depend largely on the market prices for the raw materials used to produce them, particularly cotton, as well as the cost of compliance with sourcing laws. The price and availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including crop yields, weather patterns and other unforeseen events. In addition, we have experienced increasing wage pressures in recent years, specifically with the cost of labor at our third-party manufacturers, at our distribution centers and at our stores. We may not be able to pass all or a portion of higher labor costs on to our customers, which could adversely affect our gross margin and results of operations. We primarily use one contract carrier to ship merchandise and related materials to our North American stores and digital customers. If the shipping operations of this third-party were disrupted, and we are unable to respond in a quick and efficient manner, our ability to replace inventory in our stores and process digital and third-party orders could be interrupted, potentially resulting in adverse impacts to sales or increased costs. In addition, there continues to be global uncertainty, such as to the ultimate scope and duration of COVID-19, the uncertainty surrounding the terms of United Kingdom’s recent exit from the European Union and uncertainty with respect to trade policies, tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, and similar events of global, political unrest. 17 Table of Contents These events have increased global uncertainty in recent years and could impact the cost, availability and quality of merchandise, and could impact the cost, availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture our merchandise. We may not be able to pass all or a portion of higher raw materials prices or labor or transportation costs on to our customers, which could adversely affect our gross margin and results of operations. Such factors listed above may be exacerbated by legislation and regulations associated with global trade policies and climate change. We depend upon independent third parties for the manufacture and delivery of all our merchandise, and a disruption of the manufacture or delivery of our merchandise could have a material adverse impact on our business . We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. As a result, the continued success of our operations is tied to our timely receipt of quality merchandise from third-party manufacturers. We source the majority of our merchandise outside of the U.S. through arrangements with approximately 120 vendors , primarily located in southeast Asia. Political, social or economic instability in the regions in which our manufacturers are located could cause disruptions in trade, including exports to the U.S. In addition, the inability of vendors to access liquidity, or the insolvency of vendors, could lead to their failure to deliver merchandise to us. A manufacturer’s inability to ship orders in a timely manner or meet our quality standards could cause delays in responding to consumer demand and negatively affect consumer confidence or negatively impact our competitive position, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. All factories that we partner with are contractually required to adhere to the Company’s Vendor Code of Conduct, go through social audits which include on-site walk-throughs to appraise the physical working conditions and health and safety practices, and review payroll and age documentation. If our factories are unwilling or not able to meet the standards set forth within the Vendor Code of Conduct it could limit the options available to us and could result in an increase of costs of manufacturing, which we may not able to pass on to our customers. Other events that could disrupt the timely delivery of our merchandise include new trade law provisions or regulations, reliance on a limited number of shipping carriers, significant labor disputes, significant delays in the delivery of cargo due to port security considerations or capacity limitations and other unexpected events, such as COVID-19. Furthermore, we are susceptible to increases in fuel costs which may increase the cost of distribution. If we are not able to pass this cost on to our customers, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on the experience and skills of our executive officers and associates, and the failure to attract or retain this talent, or effectively manage succession could have a material adverse impact on our business . Our ability to succeed may be adversely impacted if we are not able to attract, retain and develop talent and future leaders, including our executive officers. Our executive officers closely supervise all aspects of our operations, including the design of our merchandise, have substantial experience and expertise in the retail business and have an integral role in the growth and success of our brands. If we were to lose the benefit of the involvement of executives or other personnel, without adequate succession plans, our business could be adversely affected. If we are unable to attract and retain talent at the associate level without adequate succession plans, our business could adversely be impacted as competition for such qualified talent is intense, and we cannot be sure we will be able to attract, retain and develop a sufficient number of qualified individuals in future periods. In addition, COVID-19 has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus, especially when congregating in heavily populated areas, such as shopping malls. Our business could be adversely affected if store associates are either unwilling or unable to staff our stores as a result of COVID-19 concerns. LEGAL, TAX, REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE RISKS. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility in our results of operations could have a material adverse impact on our business . We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, our products are subject to import and excise duties and/or sales, consumption or value-added taxes (“VAT”) in many jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which include reserves for estimates of probable settlements of foreign and domestic tax audits. At any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, we expect that throughout the year, there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as taxable events occur and exposures are evaluated. In addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial reporting period may be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or losses by taxing jurisdictions or by changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. Fluctuations in duties could also have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 18 Table of Contents In some international markets, we are required to hold and submit VAT to the appropriate local tax authorities. Failure to correctly calculate or submit the appropriate amounts could subject us to substantial fines and penalties that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Tax law may be enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our current or future tax structure and effective tax rate, such as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 and Swiss Tax Reform discussed further in Note 11 , “ INCOME TAXES .” Our litigation exposure, or any securities litigation and shareholder activism, could have a material adverse impact on our business . We, along with third parties we do business with, are involved, from time to time, in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Litigation matters may include, but are not limited to, contract disputes, employment-related actions, labor relations, commercial litigation, intellectual property rights, product safety and shareholder actions. Shareholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing in publicly traded companies recently. Due to the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we may become the target of securities litigation or shareholder activism. Any litigation that we become a party to could be costly and time consuming and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. Our current litigation exposure could be impacted by various factors, including, but not limited to: litigation trends; discovery of additional facts with respect to legal matters pending against us; or determinations by judges, juries or other finders of fact that are not in accordance with management’s evaluation of existing claims. Should management’s evaluation prove incorrect, our exposure could greatly exceed expectations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Failure to adequately protect our trademarks could have a negative impact on our brand image and limit our ability to penetrate new markets which could have a material adverse impact on our business . We believe our core trademarks, Abercrombie & Fitch ® , abercrombie ® , Hollister ® , Gilly Hicks ® and the “Moose” and “Seagull” logos, are essential to the effective implementation of our strategy. We have obtained or applied for federal registration of these trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the registries of countries in key markets within the Company’s sales and distribution channels. In addition, these trademarks are either registered, or the Company has applications for registration pending, with the registries of many of the foreign countries in which the manufacturers of the Company’s products are located. There can be no assurance that we will obtain registrations that have been applied for or that the registrations we obtain will prevent the imitation of our products or infringement of our intellectual property rights by others. Although brand security initiatives are in place, we cannot guarantee that our efforts against the counterfeiting of our brands will be successful. If a third party copies our products in a manner that projects lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, our brand image could be materially adversely affected. Because we have not yet registered all of our trademarks in all categories, or in all foreign countries in which we source or offer our merchandise now, or may in the future, our international expansion and our merchandising of products using these marks could be limited. The pending applications for international registration of various trademarks could be challenged or rejected in those countries because third parties of whom we are not currently aware have already registered similar marks in those countries. Accordingly, it may be possible, in those foreign countries where the status of various applications is pending or unclear, for a third-party owner of the national trademark registration for a similar mark to prohibit the manufacture, sale or exportation of branded goods in or from that country. Failure to register our trademarks or purchase or license the right to use our trademarks or logos in these jurisdictions could limit our ability to obtain supplies from, or manufacture in, less costly markets or penetrate new markets should our business plan include selling our merchandise in those non-U.S. jurisdictions. Additionally, if a third party claims to have licensing rights with respect to merchandise we have produced or purchased from a vendor, we may be obligated to remove this merchandise from our inventory offering and incur related costs, and could be subject to liability under various civil and criminal causes of action, including actions to recover unpaid royalties and other damages. Changes in the regulatory or compliance landscape could have a material adverse impact on our business . We are subject to numerous laws and regulations, including customs, truth-in-advertising, securities laws, consumer protection, general privacy, health information privacy, identity theft, online privacy, general employment laws, employee health and safety, minimum wage laws, unsolicited commercial communication and zoning and occupancy laws and ordinances that regulate retailers generally and/or govern the importation, intellectual property, promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of retail stores, digital operations and distribution centers. If these laws and regulations were to change, or were violated by our management, associates, suppliers, vendors or other parties with whom we do business, the costs of certain merchandise could increase, or we could experience delays in shipments of our merchandise, be subject to fines or penalties, temporary or permanent store closures, increased regulatory scrutiny or suffer reputational harm, which could reduce demand for our merchandise and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation including the areas referenced above, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Laws and regulations at the local, state, federal and various international levels frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. In addition, there continues to be uncertainty as to the terms surrounding the United Kingdom’s recent exit from the European Union and final terms could result in additional administrative burdens to adhere to changes in regulatory frameworks concerning critical areas, including, but not limited to, the movement of goods or the movement of people. Changes in the legal or regulatory environment affecting responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, or environmental protection, among others, could also cause our costs to increase. There is heightened uncertainty as to the ultimate scope and duration of COVID-19 and, as a result, government authorities have taken certain precautionary actions to mitigate the spread of COVID-19. These actions that have impacted our operations and any changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation, could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations, including, but not limited to, the following actions: imposing restrictions on public gatherings and human interactions; requiring mandatory store closures or seeking voluntary store closures; restricting hours of store operations; imposing curfews; or restricting the import or export of products. In addition, we are subject to a variety of regulatory, reporting requirements, including, but not limited to, those related to corporate governance and public disclosure. Stockholder activism, the current political environment, financial reform legislation, government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations. New requirements or changes in current regulatory reporting requirements may introduce additional complexities, lead to additional compliance costs, divert management’s time and attention from strategic business activities, and could have a significant effect on our reported results for the affected periods. Failure to comply with such regulations could result in fines, penalties, or lawsuits and could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our credit facilities include restrictive covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business and our inability to obtain credit on reasonable terms in the future could have an adverse impact on our business . Our Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, as amended, expires on October 19, 2022 and our Term Loan Agreement, as amended, has a maturity date of August 7, 2021. Both our Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement and our Term Loan Agreement contain restrictive covenants that, subject to specified exemptions, restrict our ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make certain investments, pay dividends or distributions on our capital stock and engage in mergers. In addition, the inability to obtain credit on commercially reasonable terms in the future could adversely impact our liquidity and results of operations. Changes in market conditions could potentially impact the size and terms of a replacement facility or facilities in the future. 20 Table of Contents