Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item 2. Properties 23 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 24 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 ​ ​ ​ PART II ​ 24 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. Reserved 25 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 77 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 77 Item 9B. Other Information 77 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 77 ​ ​ ​ PART III ​ 78 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 78 Item 11. Executive Compensation 78 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 78 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 78 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 78 ​ ​ ​ PART IV ​ 79 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 79 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 84 ​ ​ ​ 2 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this annual report constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements typically use words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “should,” “intend,” “plan,” “will,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “positioned,” “strategy,” “seek,” “may,” “could” and similar expressions. These are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that we believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including without limitation: product demand; energy prices; weather; competition; credit market conditions; cash flows; access to available and feasible financing; future stock repurchases; the impact of recessionary conditions; consumer debt levels; changes in laws or regulations; risks associated with self-insurance; war and the prospect of war, including terrorist activity; the impact of public health issues, such as the ongoing global coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic; inflation; the ability to hire, train and retain qualified employees; construction delays; the compromising of confidentiality, availability or integrity of information, including due to cyber-attacks; historic growth rate sustainability; downgrade of our credit ratings; damage to our reputation; challenges in international markets; failure or interruption of our information technology systems; origin and raw material costs of suppliers; inventory availability; disruption in our supply chain; impact of tariffs; anticipated impact of new accounting standards; and business interruptions. Certain of these risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in the “Risk Factors” section contained in Item 1A under Part 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 28, 2021, and these Risk Factors should be read carefully. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements, and events described above and in the “Risk Factors” could materially and adversely affect our business. However, it should be understood that it is not possible to identify or predict all such risks and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. ​ 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Introduction AutoZone, Inc. (“AutoZone,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”) is the leading retailer, and a leading distributor, of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas. We began operations in 1979 and at August 28, 2021, operated 6,051 stores in the United States (“U.S.”), 664 stores in Mexico and 52 stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At August 28, 2021, in 5,179 of our domestic stores, we also had a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts. We also have commercial programs in all stores in Mexico and Brazil. We also sell the ALLDATA brand automotive diagnostic, repair and shop management software through www.alldata.com. Additionally, we sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. We also provide product information on our Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. We do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. Human Capital Resources We believe the foundation of our success is our culture, which defines how our employees (“AutoZoners”) take care of customers. Each AutoZoner works hard to Live the Pledge, share their passion for WOW! Customer Service and Go the Extra Mile every day to continue building and growing AutoZone for our customers. ​ As of August 28, 2021, we employed approximately 100,000 AutoZoners, approximately 62 percent of whom were employed full-time and the remaining 38 percent were employed part-time. About 90 percent of our AutoZoners were employed in stores or in direct field supervision, approximately 6 percent in distribution centers and approximately 4 percent in store support and other functions. Included in the above numbers are approximately 12,000 persons employed in our international operations. We have never experienced any material labor disruption, do not have any collective bargaining agreements and believe that relations with our AutoZoners are good. ​ Training & Development We have a number of different types of jobs and career opportunities. While many of our AutoZoners follow more traditional career paths (e.g., part-time to full-time sales, store manager, district manager, regional manager, vice president), we encourage cross-functional development and support of AutoZoners as they expand their career into other departments and fields of interest. Many members of our senior leadership team have held positions in two or more areas of the business. ​ Recognition The AutoZone Pledge and Values drive our success and foster a strong, unique culture of teamwork and customer service. We encourage the recognition of AutoZoners for a variety of accomplishments, such as going above and beyond to deliver Trustworthy Advice and WOW! Customer Service, taking initiative to prevent incidents and injuries, making contributions to help detect or report internal or external theft or providing significant service to help others. Whether they work in our stores, distribution centers, support centers or travel to support our customers and business, we believe AutoZoners everywhere should be recognized for their efforts and outstanding performance. We also recognize AutoZoners for their years of service to the organization and our customers. ​ 4 Table of Contents Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (“DEI”) “Embraces Diversity” is one of our Values, and we have made great strides to lay a proper foundation for our DEI initiatives. With the oversight and support of a cross-functional Diversity Council and DEI Steering Committee, our DEI efforts influence and inform many parts of our human capital management function including talent acquisition, retention, professional development and workforce management. Our first business resource group (“BRG”) was established in 2014 (AutoZone Women’s Initiative). Since then, four other BRGs now support AutoZoners who share common interests or backgrounds and have a mission to contribute their voices, time and talent to helping AutoZoners succeed and grow in their careers. ​ Health and Safety We are committed to providing a safe working and shopping environment for our AutoZoners and customers. Aligned with our values, we strive to continually monitor our working and shopping environment to keep our AutoZoners and customers as safe as possible. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to invest in supplies for the protection of our AutoZoners and our customers and increased the frequency of cleaning and disinfecting our stores. We also provided Emergency Time-Off benefit enhancements for both full-time and part-time AutoZoners and a one-time financial incentive for receiving the COVID-19 vaccine. As the effects of COVID-19 continue to evolve, we are closely monitoring the changing situation and complying with public health guidance. ​ Additional information about our human capital resources can be found in our most recent Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Report, which is available on our website. Our CSR Report is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“the SEC”). 5 Table of Contents Store Operations At August 28, 2021, our stores were in the following locations: ​ ​ ​ ​ Store ​ ​ Count Alabama 120 Alaska 8 Arizona 162 Arkansas 70 California 641 Colorado 95 Connecticut 53 Delaware 17 Florida 397 Georgia 209 Hawaii 11 Idaho 32 Illinois 243 Indiana 160 Iowa 36 Kansas 54 Kentucky 102 Louisiana 129 Maine 14 Maryland 88 Massachusetts 83 Michigan 214 Minnesota 60 Mississippi 98 Missouri 120 Montana 15 Nebraska 24 Nevada 66 New Hampshire 23 New Jersey 117 New Mexico 63 New York 211 North Carolina 228 North Dakota 7 Ohio 277 Oklahoma 85 Oregon 53 Pennsylvania 211 Puerto Rico 50 Rhode Island 17 Saint Thomas 1 South Carolina 101 South Dakota 9 Tennessee 174 Texas 652 Utah 70 Vermont 2 Virginia 146 Washington 97 Washington, DC 5 West Virginia 45 Wisconsin 77 Wyoming 9 Total Domestic stores 6,051 Mexico 664 Brazil 52 Total stores 6,767 ​ 6 Table of Contents Store Formats Substantially all stores are based on standard store formats, resulting in generally consistent appearance, merchandising and product mix. Approximately 90% to 99% of each store’s square footage is selling space. In our satellite stores, approximately 40% to 50% of our space is dedicated to hard parts inventory, while our hub stores and mega hubs have 70% to 85% of their space utilized for hard parts. The hard parts inventory area is generally fronted by counters or pods that run the depth or length of the store, dividing the hard parts area from the remainder of the store. The remaining selling space contains displays of maintenance, accessories and non-automotive items. We believe our stores are “destination stores,” generating their own traffic rather than relying on traffic created by adjacent stores. Therefore, we situate most stores on major thoroughfares with easy access and good parking. Store Personnel and Training We provide on-the-job training as well as formal training programs, including an annual national sales meeting with related cascading meetings at our distribution centers, regional offices and stores; store meetings on specific sales and product topics; standardized computer-based training to support culture, safety, salesmanship, compliance and product and job knowledge; and several specialist, vendor and third-party programs to support learning and development in areas requiring technical expertise and specific job knowledge. All domestic AutoZoners are encouraged to complete our in-house product knowledge program and Parts Expert certification, which is developed in partnership with our key suppliers. Training is supplemented with frequent store visits by management. Advanced leadership training is an additional area of investment that is used to deepen bench strength and support succession planning. Store managers, commercial sales managers and managers at various levels across the organization receive financial incentives through performance-based bonuses. In addition, our growth has provided opportunities for the promotion of qualified AutoZoners. We believe these opportunities are important to attract, motivate and retain high quality AutoZoners. All store support functions are centralized in our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico and Sao Paulo, Brazil. We believe that this centralization enhances consistent execution of our merchandising and marketing strategies at the store level, while reducing expenses and cost of sales. Store Automation All of our stores have Z-net, our proprietary electronic catalog that enables our AutoZoners to efficiently look up the parts that our customers need and to provide complete job solutions, advice and information for customer vehicles. Z-net provides parts information based on the year, make, model and engine type of a vehicle and also tracks inventory availability at the store, at other nearby stores and through special order. The Z-net display screens are placed on the hard parts counter or pods, where both the AutoZoner and customer can view the screen. Our stores utilize our computerized proprietary Point-of-Sale System, which includes bar code scanning and point-of-sale data collection terminals. Our proprietary Store Management System provides administrative assistance, as well as enhanced merchandising information and improved inventory control. We believe the Point-of-Sale System also enhances customer service through faster processing of transactions, while the Store Management System provides simplified warranty and product return procedures. Commercial Our commercial sales program operates in a highly fragmented market, and we are a leading distributor of automotive parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts in the Americas. As a part of the domestic store program, we offer credit and delivery to our customers, as well as online ordering through www.autozonepro.com or through the AutoZone Pro smartphone application. Through our hub stores, we offer a greater range of parts and products desired by professional technicians. We have dedicated sales teams focused on independent repair shops as well as national, regional and public sector commercial accounts. 7 Table of Contents Store Development The following table reflects our location development during the past five fiscal years: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fiscal Year ​ 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Locations: Beginning 6,549 6,411 6,202 6,029 5,814 Sold (1) — — — 26 — New 219 138 209 201 215 Closed 1 — — 2 — Net new 218 138 209 199 215 Relocated 12 5 2 7 5 Ending 6,767 6,549 6,411 6,202 6,029 ​ (1) 26 Interamerican Motor Corporation (“IMC”) branches sold on April 4, 2018. ​ We believe expansion opportunities exist in markets we do not currently serve, as well as in markets where we can achieve a larger presence. We undertake substantial research prior to entering new markets. The most important criteria for opening a new store are the projected future profitability and the ability to achieve our required investment hurdle rate. Key factors in selecting new site and market locations for stores include population, demographics, vehicle profile, customer buying trends, commercial businesses, number and strength of competitors’ stores and the cost of real estate. In reviewing the vehicle profile, we also consider the number of vehicles that are seven years old and older, or “our kind of vehicles”; these vehicles are generally no longer under the original manufacturers’ warranties and require more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. We seek to open new stores in high visibility sites in high traffic locations within or contiguous to existing market areas and attempt to cluster development in markets in a relatively short period of time. In addition to continuing to lease or develop our own locations, we evaluate and may make strategic acquisitions. Marketing and Merchandising Strategy We are dedicated to providing customers with superior service and trustworthy advice as well as quality automotive parts and products at a great value in conveniently located, well-designed stores. Key elements of this strategy are: Customer Service Customer service is the most important element in our marketing and merchandising strategy, which is based upon consumer marketing research. We emphasize that our AutoZoners should always put customers first by providing prompt, courteous service and trustworthy advice. Our electronic parts catalog assists in the selection of parts as well as identifying any associated warranties offered by us or our vendors. We sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive parts through www.autozone.com, for pick-up in store or to be shipped directly to a customer’s home or business, with next day delivery covering approximately 82% of the U.S. population. Additionally, we offer a smartphone application that provides customers with store locations, driving directions, operating hours, product availability, the ability to purchase products and other information. We also provide specialty tools through our suite of free services. Through our Loan-A-Tool program customers can borrow a specialty tool, such as a steering wheel puller, for which a do-it-yourself (“DIY”) customer or a repair shop would have little or no use other than for a single job. AutoZoners also provide free diagnostic and related services, including check engine light readings through our AutoZone Fix Finder service, testing of starters, alternators and batteries, battery charging and the collection of used oil for recycling. 8 Table of Contents Merchandising The following tables show some of the types of products we sell by major category of items: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Failure Maintenance Discretionary A/C Compressors Batteries & Accessories Bearings Belts & Hoses Calipers Chassis Clutches CV Axles Engines Fuel Pumps Fuses Ignition Lighting Mufflers Radiators Starters & Alternators Thermostats Tire Repair Water Pumps ​ Antifreeze & Windshield Washer Fluid Brake Drums, Rotors, Shoes & Pads Chemicals, including Brake & Power Steering Fluid, Oil & Fuel Additives Oil & Transmission Fluid Oil, Cabin, Air, Fuel & Transmission Filters Oxygen Sensors Paint & Accessories Refrigerant & Accessories Shock Absorbers & Struts Spark Plugs & Wires Windshield Wipers ​ Air Fresheners Cell Phone Accessories Drinks & Snacks Floor Mats & Seat Covers Interior & Exterior Accessories Mirrors Performance Products Protectants & Cleaners Sealants & Adhesives Steering Wheel Covers Stereos & Radios Tools Towing Wash & Wax ​ We believe customer satisfaction is often impacted by our ability to promptly provide specific automotive products as requested. Each store carries the same basic products, but we tailor our hard parts inventory to the makes and models of the vehicles in each store’s trade area, and our sales floor products are tailored to the local store’s demographics. Our hub stores (including mega hubs, which carry an even broader assortment) carry a larger assortment of products that are delivered to local satellite stores. We are constantly updating the products we offer to ensure our inventory matches the products our customers need or desire. Pricing We want to be the value leader in our industry, by consistently providing quality merchandise at the right price, backed by a satisfactory warranty and outstanding customer service. For many of our products, we offer multiple value choices in a good/better/best assortment, with appropriate price and quality differences from the “good” products to the “better” and “best” products. A key differentiating component versus our competitors is our exclusive line of in-house brands, which includes Duralast and the family of Duralast brands, ProElite, ShopPro, SureBilt, TruGrade and Valucraft. We believe that our overall value compares favorably to that of our competitors. Brand Marketing: Marketing and Loyalty We believe that targeted advertising and promotions play important roles in succeeding in today’s environment. We are constantly working to understand our customers’ wants and needs so we can build long-lasting, loyal relationships. We utilize advertising, direct marketing, loyalty programs and promotions primarily to highlight our great value, the availability of high quality parts and develop a relationship with an expanding base of customers. Broadcast and digital media are our primary advertising methods of driving retail traffic to our stores, while we leverage a dedicated sales force and our ProVantage loyalty program to drive commercial sales. Store Design, Visual Merchandising and Promotional Execution We design and build stores for high visual impact. The typical store utilizes colorful exterior and interior signage, exposed beams and ductwork and brightly lit interiors. Maintenance products, accessories and non-automotive items are attractively displayed for easy browsing by customers. In-store signage and special displays promote products on floor displays, end caps and shelves. We utilize in-store signage, creative product placement and promotions to help educate customers about products that they need. ​ 9 Table of Contents Purchasing and Supply Chain Merchandise is selected and purchased for all stores through our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico and Sao Paulo, Brazil. Additionally, we have an office in Shanghai, China to support our sourcing efforts in Asia. In fiscal 2021, one class of similar products accounted for approximately 13 percent of our total revenues, and one vendor supplied approximately 10 percent of our total purchases. No other class of similar products accounted for 10 percent or more of our total revenues, and no other individual vendor provided more than 10 percent of our total purchases. We believe alternative sources of supply exist, at similar costs, for most types of product sold. Most of our merchandise flows through our distribution centers to our stores by our fleet of tractors and trailers or by third-party trucking firms. The distribution centers replenish all stores up to multiple times per week depending on store sales volumes. We ended fiscal 2021 with 237 total domestic hub stores, which have a larger assortment of products as well as regular replenishment items that can be delivered to a store in its network within 24 hours. Hub stores are generally replenished from distribution centers multiple times per week. Hub stores have increased our ability to distribute products on a timely basis to many of our stores and to expand our product assortment. As a subset of our domestic hub stores, we ended fiscal 2021 with 58 domestic mega hubs, an increase of 14 since the end of fiscal 2020. Mega hubs work in concert with our hubs to drive customer satisfaction through improved local parts availability and expanded product assortments. A mega hub store carries inventory of 80,000 to 110,000 unique SKUs, approximately twice what a hub store carries. Mega hubs provide coverage to both surrounding stores and other hub stores multiple times a day or on an overnight basis. Currently, we have over 5,900 domestic stores with access to mega hub inventory. A majority of these 5,900 stores currently receive their service same day. Competition The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive due to numerous factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and price. AutoZone competes in the aftermarket auto parts industry, which includes both the retail DIY and commercial do-it-for-me (“DIFM”) auto parts and products markets. Our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and maintenance parts. AutoZone competes on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layouts, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks. Government Relations We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently revised and subject to varying interpretations. Some of the more significant regulations include, but are not limited to, regulations governing the disposal of hazardous materials, environmental regulations and occupational health and safety laws. For example, in connection with our used oil, oil filter and battery recycling programs, our customers may bring hazardous materials onto our property and our employees must abide by appropriate policies and procedures to ensure the safe handling of these materials before a third party takes possession for recycling or disposal. The terms of our contracts with third party vendors require that they are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Additionally, as an owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. 10 Table of Contents While compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had a material adverse effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position to date, we can make no assurances as to the future costs of compliance. For more information, see the Risk Factor titled “Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by the adoption of new laws, changes to existing laws, increased enforcement activity or other governmental actions.” in “Part I. Item 1A, Risk Factors” in this report. Trademarks and Patents We have registered several service marks and trademarks in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in certain other countries, including our service marks: “ALLDATA Collision,” “ALLDATA Diagnostics,” “ALLDATA Shop Manager,” “ALLDATA Tech-Assist,” “AutoZone,” “AutoZone Rewards,” “Do-It-Yourself Doesn’t Mean You Have To Do It Alone,” “Get in the Zone,” “Parts Are Just Part of What We Do,” “ProVantage,” “The Best Parts in Auto Parts,” “Zone” and trademarks: “ALLDATA Manage,” “ALLDATA Mobile,” “ALLDATA Repair,” “AutoZone,” “AutoZone & Design,” “BatteryZone,” “Duralast,” “Duralast Aero Blade,” “Duralast Ceramic Blade,” “Duralast Elite,” “Duralast Flex Blade,” “Duralast Gold,” “Duralast Gold Cmax,” “Duralast GT,” “Duralast Platinum,” “Duralast ProPower,” “Duralast ProPower Plus,” “Duralast ProPower Ultra,” “Duralast ProPower AGM,” “Duralast Max,” “Econocraft,” “Loan-A-Tool,” “ProElite,” “ProElite & Design,” “Shop Pro,” “SureBilt,” “Tougher Through Technology,” “TruGrade,” “Valucraft,” “V & Design” and “Z-net.” We believe that these service marks and trademarks are important components of our marketing and merchandising strategies. Seasonality Our business is somewhat seasonal in nature, with the highest sales typically occurring in the spring and summer months of February through September, and the lowest sales in the months of December and January. During short periods of time, a store’s sales can be affected by weather conditions. Extremely hot or extremely cold weather may enhance sales by causing parts to fail; thereby increasing sales of seasonal products. Mild or rainy weather tends to soften sales, as parts failure rates are lower in mild weather and elective maintenance is deferred during periods of rainy weather. Over the longer term, we believe the effects of weather balance out, as we have stores throughout the Americas. AutoZone Websites Our primary website is at www.autozone.com. We make available, free of charge, at www.autozone.com, by clicking “Investor Relations” located at the bottom of the page, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably feasible after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information about our Executive Officers The following list describes our executive officers, which are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The title of each executive officer includes the words “Customer Satisfaction” which reflects our commitment to customer service. William C. Rhodes, III, 56—Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Customer Satisfaction William C. Rhodes, III, was named Chairman of AutoZone during fiscal 2007 and has been President, Chief Executive Officer and a director since March 2005. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rhodes served in various capacities within the Company since 1994. Prior to 1994, Mr. Rhodes was a manager with Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Rhodes is a member of the Board of Directors for Dollar General Corporation. 11 Table of Contents Jamere Jackson, 52—Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President – Finance and Store Development, Customer Satisfaction Jamere Jackson was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer-Elect on September 13, 2020 and Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President – Finance and Store Development effective January 1, 2021. Prior to joining AutoZone, from 2018 to 2020, Mr. Jackson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., a worldwide rental company. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Jackson served as Chief Financial Officer of Nielsen Holdings plc, an information, data and measurement company. Prior to 2014, Mr. Jackson held a variety of leadership roles at General Electric Company. Mr. Jackson serves on the Board of Directors for Eli Lilly & Co. and Hibbett, Inc. ​ Philip B. Daniele, 52—Executive Vice President – Merchandising, Supply Chain and Marketing, Customer Satisfaction Philip B. Daniele was named Executive Vice President – Merchandising, Supply Chain and Marketing in June 2021. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President – Commercial from 2015 to 2021, Vice President – Commercial Support from 2013 to 2015 and Vice President – Merchandising from 2008 to 2013. He was also a Divisional Vice President – Store Operations from 2005 to 2008. Prior to 2005, Mr. Daniele held several other key management positions with the Company. ​ Mark A. Finestone, 60—Executive Vice President – Strategy and Innovation, Customer Satisfaction Mark A. Finestone was named Executive Vice President – Strategy and Innovation in June 2021. From 2015 to 2021, he was Executive Vice President – Merchandising Supply Chain and Marketing. From 2008 to 2015, he was Senior Vice President – Merchandising, and from 2002 to 2008, he was Vice President – Merchandising. Prior to joining AutoZone in 2002, Mr. Finestone worked for May Department Stores for 19 years where he held a variety of leadership roles which included Divisional Vice President – Merchandising. ​ Preston B. Frazer, 45—Executive Vice President – Store Operations, Commercial and Loss Prevention, Customer Satisfaction Preston B. Frazer was named Executive Vice President – Store Operations, Commercial and Loss Prevention in June 2021. From 2019 to 2021, he was Senior Vice President – Store Operations. Prior to that, he held the position of Divisional Vice President in addition to serving as Vice President – Store Operations Support. He began his career with AutoZone in 2006 in Finance and has held several key functional roles of increasing responsibility. Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Frazer was a senior manager with the accounting firm of KPMG, LLP. ​ Thomas B. Newbern, 59—Executive Vice President – International, Information Technology and ALLDATA, Customer Satisfaction Thomas B. Newbern was named Executive Vice President – International, Information Technology and ALLDATA in June 2021. From 2015 to 2021, he was Executive Vice President – Store Operations, Commercial, Loss Prevention and ALLDATA. From 2013 to 2015, he was Senior Vice President – Store Operations and Loss Prevention. From 2012 to 2013, he was Senior Vice President – Store Operations and Store Development. From 2007 to 2012, he was Senior Vice President – Store Operations, and from 1998 to 2007, he was Vice President –Store Operations. Prior to 1998, Mr. Newbern held several other key management positions with the Company. ​ K. Michelle Borninkhof, 47 — Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Customer Satisfaction K. Michelle Borninkhof was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer during April 2021. Prior to that, she was Chief Information Officer and Vice President for U.S. Technology at McDonald’s since 2018. Prior to joining McDonald’s, Ms. Borninkhof spent 11 years with Walmart Stores holding various leadership roles including Vice President – International Technology Delivery. Throughout her career, Ms. Borninkhof held various roles in store retail, distribution center operations and process improvement. Eric S. Gould, 52—Senior Vice President – Supply Chain, Customer Satisfaction Eric S. Gould was named Senior Vice President, Supply Chain, in February 2021. From 2017 to 2021, he served as Vice President, Supply Chain Replenishment and from 2013 to 2017 he served as Vice President – Commercial Sales. He was also Vice President – Replenishment from 2003 to 2013. Prior to 2003, Mr. Gould held several other key management positions within the Company. 12 Table of Contents Domingo J. Hurtado, 60—Senior Vice President – International, Customer Satisfaction Domingo J. Hurtado Rodríguez was named Senior Vice President – International in September 2018. Prior to that, he was President – AutoZone de México. Mr. Hurtado has served in various capacities within the Company since 2001, which included leading the Company’s expansion into Mexico. Prior to 2001, he held different positions with RadioShack including Director General in Mexico and General Manager in Venezuela. Dennis W. LeRiche, 53—Senior Vice President – Store Operations, Customer Satisfaction Dennis W. LeRiche was named Senior Vice President – Store Operations in June 2021. From 2015 to 2021, he was a Divisional Vice President – Store Operations. Prior to 2015, Mr. LeRiche held several other key management positions with the Company. ​ Grant E. McGee, 59—Senior Vice President – Commercial, Customer Satisfaction Grant E. McGee was named Senior Vice President – Commercial in June 2021. From 2007 to 2021, he was a Divisional Vice President – Store Operations. From 2004 to 2007, he was Vice President – Commercial. Prior to 2004, Mr. McGee held several other key positions with the Company. ​ Seong K. Ohm, 57—Senior Vice President – Merchandising, Customer Satisfaction Seong K. Ohm was named Senior Vice President – Merchandising on October 26, 2020. Previously, Ms. Ohm served as the Group Commercial Development Officer for the Dairy Farm Group. Ms. Ohm also was the Chief Commercial Officer for Home Plus, the second largest retailer in Korea. Prior to these roles, she was Senior Vice President – General Merchandise Manager for both Walmart and Sam’s Club and Vice President/Divisional Merchandise Manager – Technology for Walmart Stores, Inc. Ms. Ohm began her career with General Electric. ​ Charlie Pleas, III, 56—Senior Vice President and Controller, Customer Satisfaction Charlie Pleas, III, was elected Senior Vice President and Controller during 2007. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Controller since 2003. Previously, he was Vice President – Accounting since 2000, and Director of General Accounting since 1996. Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Pleas was a Division Controller with Fleming Companies, Inc. where he served in various capacities during his tenure from 1988 to 1996. Prior to 1988, he worked with Ernst & Young. Mr. Pleas is a member of the Board of Directors for Kirkland’s Inc. ​ Albert Saltiel, 57—Senior Vice President – Marketing and E-Commerce, Customer Satisfaction Albert Saltiel was named Senior Vice President – Marketing and E-Commerce during October 2014. Previously, he was Senior Vice President – Marketing since 2013. Prior to that, he was Chief Marketing Officer and a key member of the leadership team at Navistar International Corporation. Mr. Saltiel has also been with Sony Electronics as General Manager, Marketing, and Ford Motor Company where he held multiple marketing roles. ​ Richard C. Smith, 57—Senior Vice President – Human Resources, Customer Satisfaction Richard C. Smith was elected Senior Vice President – Human Resources in December 2015. He has been an AutoZoner since 1985, previously holding the position of Vice President of Stores since 1997. Prior thereto, he served in various capacities within the Company. ​ Kristen C. Wright, 45—Senior Vice President – General Counsel & Secretary, Customer Satisfaction Kristen C. Wright was named Senior Vice President – General Counsel & Secretary effective January 2014. She previously held the title of Vice President – Assistant General Counsel & Assistant Secretary since January 2012. Before joining AutoZone, she was a partner with the law firm of Bass, Berry & Sims PLC. ​ 13 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and stock price. The following information should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make with the SEC. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business. ​ Strategic and Operational Risks ​ The COVID-19 pandemic persists in the U.S. and many other parts of the world and may have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flow. ​ The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact numerous aspects of our business, and the long-term impact to our business remains unknown. This is due to the numerous uncertainties that have risen from the pandemic, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the likelihood of resurgences of the outbreak, including due to the emergence and spread of variants, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease, the timing, distribution, efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, and unintended consequences of the foregoing. ​ In particular, it is unclear what near-term and long-term impact these factors will have on the number of vehicle miles driven, traffic to our stores, as well as demand for our products from our retail and commercial customers. While we have added safety measures to protect our employees and customers, continued business disruption caused by COVID-19 may require further significant actions to mitigate the impact, including but not limited to employee furloughs, reductions in store hours and store closings as well as ongoing increases in expenses. Conversely, if the unprecedented levels of customer demand we have experienced during the pandemic revert or subside, we may be unable to reduce expenses or otherwise react quickly and effectively to such changes. ​ Further, the continuing pandemic and related economic uncertainty may result in prolonged disruption and volatility to our business, cause additional negative impacts of which we are not currently aware and also magnify other risks associated with our business and operations, including risks associated with sourcing quality merchandise domestically and outside the U.S.; our ability to promptly adjust inventory levels to meet fluctuations in customer demand; our ability to comply with complex and evolving laws and regulations related to customers’ and AutoZoners’ health and safety; our ability to open new store locations and expand or remodel existing stores; and our ability to hire and train qualified employees to address temporary or sustained labor shortages. Accordingly, the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products, workforce availability and our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. ​ If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially adversely affected. Demand for the products we sell may be affected by a number of factors we cannot control, including: ​ • the number of older vehicles in service. Vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. ​ ​ ​ ​ • rising energy prices. Increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay for gasoline and other energy costs and may drive their vehicles less, resulting in less wear and tear and lower demand for repairs and maintenance. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ • the economy. In periods of declining economic conditions, consumers may reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such conditions may affect our customers’ ability to obtain credit. During periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their vehicles instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles. ​ 14 Table of Contents ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ • the weather. Milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. Extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts. Additionally, global warming trends and other significant climate changes can create more variability in the short term or lead to other weather conditions that could impact our business. • technological advances. Advances in automotive technology, such as electric vehicles, and parts design can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer. ​ ​ • the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices, ride sharing and other factors. ​ ​ • the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles. ​ ​ ​ ​ • restrictions on access to telematics and diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation. These restrictions may cause vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. ​ These factors could result in a decline in the demand for our products, which could adversely affect our business and overall financial condition. ​ If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive, and sales volumes are dependent on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and price. Competitors are opening locations near our existing locations. AutoZone competes as a provider in both the DIY and DIFM auto parts and accessories markets. ​ Our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and maintenance parts. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some of our competitors may gain competitive advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources allowing them to sell automotive products at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. Online and multi-channel retailers often focus on delivery services, offering customers faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. Some online businesses have lower operating costs than we do. In addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service to complement the products we offer, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors, which also puts pressure on our margins. ​ Consumers are embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. With the increasing use of digital tools and social media, and our competitors’ increased focus on optimizing customers’ online experience, our customers are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment and feedback from other customers before purchasing our products either online, in the physical stores or through a combination of both offerings. ‌We believe that we compete effectively on the basis of merchandise availability as a result of investments in inventory available for immediate sale, the development of a robust hub and mega hub distribution network providing efficient access to obtain products required on-demand, options to order products online or by telephone and pick them up in stores and options for special orders directly from our vendors. We also offer hassle-free returns to our customers. In addition, we believe that customers value the personal interaction with a salesperson who is qualified to offer trustworthy advice and provide other free services such as parts testing. 15 Table of Contents We also utilize promotions, advertising and our loyalty programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive marketplace. If we are unable to continue to manage readily-available inventory demand and competitive delivery options as well as develop successful competitive strategies, including the maintenance of effective promotions, advertising and loyalty programs, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. ​ We may not be able to sustain our historic rate of sales growth. ​ We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 5,814 stores at August 27, 2016, to 6,767 stores at August 28, 2021, a compounded annual growth rate of three percent. Additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $10.636 billion in fiscal 2016 to $14.630 billion in fiscal 2021, with a compounded annual growth rate of seven percent. Annual revenue growth is driven by the opening of new stores, the development of new commercial programs and increases in same store sales. See “Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for further discussion of same store sales. ​ We open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. Same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively impacted by economic pressures. ​ Additionally, the unprecedented levels of customer demand we have experienced for our products during the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant increases in same store sales growth during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021. Therefore, we may not be able to sustain these growth trends if customer demand returns to pre-pandemic levels. ​ If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited. ​ Although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers in order to increase our commercial market share. Although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and availability, price, product warranty, distribution locations and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket participants have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have, and as a result have developed long-term customer relationships and have large available inventories. If we are unable to profitably develop new commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited. ​ Our business depends upon hiring, training and retaining qualified employees. ​ We believe much of our brand value lies in the quality of the approximately 100,000 AutoZoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and ALLDATA. Our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates and unemployment levels. Our business is also subject to employment laws and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage, benefits and scheduling requirements. In addition, the implementation of potential regulatory changes relating to overtime exemptions and benefits for certain employees under federal and state laws could result in increased labor costs to our business and negatively impact our operating results. We compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there is a risk of market increases in compensation. 16 Table of Contents If we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand or company culture, which could adversely affect our earnings. If we do not maintain competitive wages or benefit packages, our customer service could suffer due to a declining quality of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates. A violation or change in employment and labor laws (including changes in existing employment benefit programs such as health insurance) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ Inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise at competitive prices could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. ​ We are dependent upon our domestic and international vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices and payment terms. If our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers’ expectations regarding quality, innovation and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation, result in costly product recalls and other liabilities and lead to reputational harm and loss of customer confidence. To the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. ​ In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to rebuild our reputation and regain the confidence of our customers. Furthermore, our vendors are impacted by global economic conditions which in turn impact our ability to source merchandise at competitive prices. For example, the recent surges in consumer demand, shortages of raw materials and disruption to the global supply chain have negatively impacted costs and inventory availability and may continue to have a negative impact on future results and profitability. Credit market and other macroeconomic conditions could also have a material adverse effect on the ability of our global and domestic suppliers to finance and operate their businesses. ​ If we experience transitions or changeover with any of our significant vendors, or if they experience financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers’ perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales. ​ Risks associated with products sourced outside the U.S. ​ We directly imported approximately 13% of our purchases in fiscal 2021, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. Changes to the price or flow of these goods for any reason, such as civil unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes, economic conditions and instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, increased import duties or tariffs, merchandise quality or safety issues, shipping and transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, often are beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. In addition, the foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade and port labor agreements are beyond our control. These and other factors, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our business and financial performance. As we or our domestic vendors increase our imports of merchandise from foreign vendors, the risks associated with these imports will also increase. 17 Table of Contents Our ability to grow depends in part on new store openings, existing store remodels and expansions and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. ​ Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new stores and expand and remodel existing stores to meet customers’ needs on a timely and profitable basis. Accomplishing our new and existing store expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors, including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and expanded stores at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel and the integration of new stores into existing operations. There can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores profitably. In addition, we extensively utilize our hub network, our supply chain and logistics management techniques to efficiently stock our stores. We have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price and to meet consumer product needs. If we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and/or supply chains or if our investments in our supply chain initiatives, including directly sourcing some products from outside the U.S., do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our stores or increases in our operating costs, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins. ​ Our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets. ​ The various risks we face in our U.S. operations generally also exist when conducting operations in and sourcing products and materials from outside of the U.S., in addition to the unique costs, risks and difficulties of managing international operations. Our expansion into international markets may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions. ​ Risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences, potential changes to trade policies and trade agreements, compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, challenges to identify and gain access to local suppliers, and possibly misjudging the response of consumers in foreign countries to our product assortment and marketing strategy. ​ In addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. Since our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance. ​ ​ 18 Table of Contents Business interruptions may negatively impact our operating hours, operability of our computer and other systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material negative effect on our sales and our business. ​ War or acts of terrorism, political or civil unrest, unusual weather conditions, including due to the impacts of climate change, hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and floods, global health epidemics (such as COVID-19) and other natural or other disasters or the threat of any of them, may result in certain of our stores, distribution centers, store support centers or sourcing offices being closed for a period of time or permanently or have a negative impact on our ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our stores. Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the U.S., and if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins may be negatively affected. In the event commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty transporting merchandise to our distribution centers and stores resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. Transportation issues could also cause us to cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our distribution centers. Our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name and profitability. ​ We believe our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. The value in our brand name and its continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth are dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. Any negative publicity about these or other areas involving our business, including our response or lack thereof to external events involving civil unrest, social justice, and political issues, whether or not based in fact, could damage our reputation and may result in reduced demand for our merchandise. The increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. Our reputation could be impacted if customers have a bad experience and share it over social media. ​ Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. ​ Cyber-security and Data Privacy Risks ​ ‌ We rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. Any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business. ​ We rely extensively on our information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to manage inventory, communicate with customers, process transactions and summarize results. Our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our AutoZoners, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we and our third-party service providers work diligently to maintain our respective systems, we may not be successful in doing so. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 19 Table of Contents We are in the process of developing and implementing various information systems, as well as modifying existing systems. These technological changes will require significant investment of human and financial resources, and we may experience significant delays, cost increases and other obstacles with these projects. Although we have invested significant resources during our planning, project management and training, implementation issues may arise which may disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ Failure to protect or effectively respond to a breach of the privacy and security of customers’, suppliers’, AutoZoners’ or Company information could damage our reputation, subject us to litigation and cause us to incur substantial costs. ​ Our business, like that of most retailers and distributors, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of personal information about our customers, suppliers and AutoZoners, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. Failure to protect the security of our customers’, suppliers’, AutoZoners’ and Company information could subject us to costly regulatory enforcement actions, expose us to litigation and impair our reputation, which may have a negative impact on our sales. We consider information security to be a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning and activities throughout the Company. Senior management and the Board of Directors are actively engaged in cyber-security risk management. While we and our third-party service providers and vendors take significant steps to protect customer, supplier, employee and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training and monitoring and routine testing of our systems, these security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error, system compromises, fraud, trickery, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. We believe our preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cyber-security risks. However, our business or our third party providers, with which we share sensitive information, may not discover a security breach or loss of information for a significant period after the security breach occurs. Failure to effectively respond to system compromises may undermine our security measures. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. To date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber-security; however, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to unauthorized access or phishing attempts, computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes. In particular, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been a spike in cyber-security attacks as shelter in place orders and work from home measures have led businesses to increase reliance on virtual environments and communications systems, which have been subjected to increasing third-party vulnerabilities and security risks. As the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous and complex, compliance with these requirements could also result in significant additional costs. There can be no assurance that our security measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. The cost to remediate damages to our systems suffered as a result of a cyber-attack could be significant. ​ We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit, debit, electronic payments (such as PayPal, Apple Pay, etc.) and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. As a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, such as the American National Standards Institute encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. Even though we comply with these standards and protocols and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known cyber-attacks or malware that may be developed in the future. We maintain insurance coverage that may protect us from certain cyber-attack claims; however, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover significant losses in any particular situation. ​ 20 Table of Contents To the extent any cyber-attack or intrusion in our or one of our third-party service provider’s information systems results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. In certain circumstances, payment card association rules and obligations to which we are subject under our contracts with payment card processors make us liable to payment card issuers if information in connection with payment cards and payment card transactions we hold is compromised, which liabilities could be substantial. In addition, the cost of complying with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection and information security laws and standards could be significant to us. ​ We have invested in information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. Although these plans are in place, we must provide ongoing monitoring and consistently revise our plans as technologies change rapidly and our efforts to overcome security risks continue to become increasingly more complex and concentrated. Indebtedness, Financial and Market Risks We are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations and an increase in our insurance claims and expenses may have a material negative impact on us. ​ We are self-insured up to certain limits for workers’ compensation, employee group medical, general liability, product liability, property and automobile. The types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. Our reserves are established using historical trends and, where appropriate, using a third party actuary to estimate costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. Estimated costs are subject to a variety of assumptions and other factors including the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. Material increases in the number of insurance claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, legal expenses and other factors could result in unfavorable difference between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. As a result, our self-insurance costs could increase which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ A downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our debt, obtain new funding or issue debt securities. ​ Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in the commercial paper markets. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. A change by the rating agencies in these ratios, an increase in our debt, and/or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt and would likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings. ​ Moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions during the Great Recession resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. We can provide no assurance that such similar events that occurred during the Great Recession will not occur again in the foreseeable future. Conditions and events in the global credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term and long-term debt and the terms and cost of that debt. ​ ​ 21 Table of Contents Legal and Regulatory Risks ​ Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by the adoption of new laws, changes to existing laws, increased enforcement activity or other governmental actions. ​ We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently revised and subject to varying interpretations. These include laws governing employment and labor, wage and hour, environmental matters, proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials and waste, healthcare, data privacy, cybersecurity, the pricing and sale of goods, import and export compliance, transportation and logistics, consumer protection and advertising, among others. These laws may differ substantially in the areas where we operate. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no certainty that our employees and third parties with whom we do business will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable laws. If we fail to comply with these laws, rules and regulations, or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may be subject to governmental enforcement action or private litigation resulting in monetary penalties, reputational harm and increased costs of regulatory compliance. Any changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any new legislation could have an adverse impact, directly or indirectly, on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies as a result of enforcing existing laws and regulations or changes in enforcement priorities, which can occur in the ordinary course of business or may result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency or toward a particular industry. ​ We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory or market responses to global climate change. ​ Growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in the U.S. to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, significant increases in fuel economy requirements, new federal or state restrictions on emissions of carbon dioxide or new federal or state incentive programs that may be imposed on vehicles and automobile fuels could adversely affect demand for vehicles, annual miles driven or the products we sell. We may not be able to accurately predict, prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations with respect to electric vehicles and other technologies that minimize emissions. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by litigation. ​ We are involved in lawsuits, regulatory investigations, governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of business. Such matters involve significant expense and divert management’s attention and resources from other matters. The damages sought against us in these proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ 22 Table of Contents General Risks ​ Significant changes in macroeconomic and geo-political factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. ​ Macroeconomic conditions impact both our customers and our suppliers. Job growth in the U.S. was stagnated and unemployment was at historically high levels at the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic. While the unemployment rate has improved, the rate has not returned to pre-pandemic levels. Moreover, the U.S. government continues to operate under historically large deficits and debt burden. Continued distress in global credit markets, business failures, civil unrest, inflation, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, significant geo-political conflicts, proposed or additional tariffs, continued volatility in energy prices, the impact of a public health crisis or pandemic (such as COVID-19), constraints on the global supply chain and other factors continue to affect the global economy. Moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product costs. It is unclear how such factors could impact our business in the short term. Over a longer period of time, these macroeconomic and geo-political conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead. These could adversely affect our financial condition and operations. ​