ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 11 ​ ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 21 ​ ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 21 ​ ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 22 ​ ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 22 ​ INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 22 ​ ​ ​ PART II ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 25 ​ ITEM 6. RESERVED 25 ​ ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 26 ​ ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 41 ​ ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 42 ​ ​ ​ Report of Ernst & Young, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42 ) 42 Consolidated Balance Sheets 44 Consolidated Statements of Income 45 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 46 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 47 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 48 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 49 ​ ​ ​ ​ ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 66 ​ ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 66 ​ ​ ​ Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 67 ​ ​ ​ ​ ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 68 ​ ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 69 ​ ​ ​ PART III ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 70 ​ ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 70 ​ ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 71 ​ ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 71 ​ ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 71 ​ ​ ​ PART IV ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 72 ​ ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 81 ​ ​ ​ SIGNATURES 82 ​ ​ 2 Table of Contents INTRODUCTION ​ General ​ This report contains references to years 2023, 2022, 2021, and 2020, which represent fiscal years ending or ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022 and January 29, 2021, respectively. Our fiscal year ends on the Friday closest to January 31. Our 2022 fiscal year consisted of 53 weeks, while each of the remaining years listed consists of 52 weeks. All of the discussion and analysis in this report should be read with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. ​ Solely for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames may appear in this report without the ® or TM symbol which is not intended to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right to these trademarks and tradenames. ​ Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements ​ We include “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws throughout this report, particularly under the headings “Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies,” among others. You can identify these statements because they are not limited to historical fact or they use words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “would,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “project,” “plan,” “expect,” “estimate,” “goal,” “seek,” “ensure,” “potential,” “opportunity,” “intend,” “predict,” “committed,” “likely,” “continue,” “strive,” “aim,” “scheduled,” “focused on,” “long-term,” “future,” “over time,” “ongoing,” “uncertain,” “moving forward,” or “subject to” and similar expressions that concern our strategies, plans, initiatives, intentions or beliefs about future occurrences or results or other future matters. For example, all statements relating to, among others, the following are forward-looking statements: ● our projections and expectations regarding expenditures, costs, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity; ● our expectations regarding economic and competitive market conditions; ● our plans, objectives, and expectations regarding, future operations, growth, investments and initiatives, including but not limited to our real estate, store growth and international expansion plans, store formats or concepts, shrink and damages reduction actions, planned approximately $100 million investment in our stores, and anticipated progress and impact of our strategic initiatives (including but not limited to our non-consumables and digital initiatives, DG Media Network, DG Well Being, DG Fresh, Fast Track, and pOpshelf) and our merchandising, margin enhancing, and distribution/transportation efficiency (including but not limited to self-distribution and our private fleet) and other initiatives; ● expectations regarding sales and mix of consumable and non-consumable products, customer traffic, basket size and inventory levels; ● expectations regarding inflationary and labor pressures, fuel prices, and other supply chain challenges; ● anticipated stock repurchases and cash dividends; ● anticipated borrowing under our unsecured revolving credit agreement, our 364-day unsecured revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program; ● potential impact of legal or regulatory changes or governmental assistance or stimulus programs and our responses thereto, including without limitation the potential increase of federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates/salary levels, as well as changes to certain government assistance programs, such as SNAP benefits, unemployment benefits, and economic stimulus payments, or potential changes to the corporate tax rate; and ● expected outcome or effect of pending or threatened legal disputes, litigation or audits. ​ All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those which we expected. Many of these statements are derived from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions that we believe are reasonable. However, it is very difficult to predict the effect of known factors, and we cannot anticipate all factors that could affect future results. ​ 3 Table of Contents Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements are disclosed under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this document (including, without limitation, in conjunction with the forward-looking statements themselves and under the heading “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates”). All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by these and other cautionary statements that we make from time to time in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate forward-looking statements in the context of these risks and uncertainties and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. These factors may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. We cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. Forward-looking statements in this report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation, and specifically disclaim any duty, to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law. ​ 4 Table of Contents PART I ​ ITEM 1. BUSINESS ​ General ​ We are the largest discount retailer in the United States by number of stores, with 19,147 stores located in 47 U.S. states and Mexico as of March 3, 2023, with the greatest concentration of stores in the southern, southwestern, midwestern and eastern United States. Our first store in Mexico opened in February of 2023. We offer a broad selection of merchandise, including consumable items, seasonal items, home products and apparel. Our merchandise includes national brands from leading manufacturers, as well as our own private brand selections with prices at substantial discounts to national brands. We offer our customers these national brand and private brand products at everyday low prices (typically $10 or less) in our convenient small-box locations. ​ Our History ​ J.L. Turner founded our Company in 1939 as J.L. Turner and Son, Wholesale. We were incorporated as a Kentucky corporation under the name J.L. Turner & Son, Inc. in 1955, when we opened our first Dollar General store. We changed our name to Dollar General Corporation in 1968 and reincorporated in 1998 as a Tennessee corporation. Our common stock was publicly traded from 1968 until July 2007, when we merged with an entity controlled by investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., or KKR. In November 2009 our common stock again became publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “DG”, and in December 2013 the entity controlled by investment funds affiliated with KKR sold its remaining shares of our common stock. ​ Our Business Model ​ Our long history of profitable growth is founded on a commitment to a relatively simple business model: providing a broad base of customers with their basic everyday and household needs, supplemented with a variety of general merchandise items, at everyday low prices in conveniently located, small-box stores. We continually evaluate the needs and demands of our customers and modify our merchandise selections and pricing accordingly, while remaining focused on increasing profitability, cash generation and returns for our shareholders. ​ Our long-term operating priorities are: 1) driving profitable sales growth, 2) capturing growth opportunities, 3) enhancing our position as a low-cost operator, and 4) investing in our diverse teams through development, empowerment and inclusion . For more information on these operating priorities, see the “Executive Overview” section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in Part II, Item 7 of this report. ​ From 1990 through 2020, we achieved 31 consecutive years of positive same-store sales growth. Following unusually high sales results in 2020 during the height of the COVID pandemic, we did not achieve positive same-store sales growth in 2021. However, we achieved positive same-store sales growth once again in 2022. Notwithstanding the unusual circumstances of 2020 and 2021 resulting from the COVID pandemic, we believe that this consistent growth over many years, which has taken place in a variety of economic conditions, is a result of our compelling value and convenience proposition, although no assurances can be given that we will achieve positive same-store sales growth in any given year. ​ Compelling Value and Convenience Proposition. Our ability to deliver highly competitive prices in convenient locations and our easy “in and out” shopping format create a compelling shopping experience that we believe distinguishes us from other discount retailers as well as convenience, drug, grocery, online and mass merchant retailers. Our slogan “Save time. Save money. Every day!” ® summarizes our appeal to customers. We believe our ability to effectively deliver both value and convenience allows us to succeed in small markets with 5 Table of Contents limited shopping alternatives, as well as in larger and more competitive markets. Our value and convenience proposition is evidenced by the following attributes of our business model: ​ ● Everyday Low Prices on Quality Merchandise. Our research indicates that we offer a price advantage over most food and drug retailers and that our prices are competitive with even the largest discount retailers. Our ability to offer everyday low prices on quality merchandise is supported by our low-cost operating structure and our strategy to maintain a limited number of items per merchandise category, which we believe helps us maintain strong purchasing power. We offer nationally advertised brands at these everyday low prices in addition to offering our own private brands at substantially lower prices. ​ ● Convenient Locations. Our stores are conveniently located in a variety of rural, suburban and urban communities. We seek to locate our stores in close proximity to our customers, which helps drive customer loyalty and trip frequency and makes us an attractive alternative to large discount and other large-box retail and grocery stores. ​ ● Time-Saving Shopping Experience. We strive to provide customers with a highly convenient, easy to navigate shopping experience. Our small-box stores make it easier to get in and out quickly, and our digital tools and offerings help drive even greater convenience and additional access points. Our product offering includes most necessities, such as basic packaged and refrigerated or frozen food and dairy products, cleaning supplies, paper products, health and beauty care items, greeting cards and other stationery items, basic apparel, housewares, hardware and automotive supplies, among others. Our convenient hours and broad merchandise offering allow our customers to fulfill their requirements for basic goods and minimize their need to shop elsewhere. ​ Substantial Growth Opportunities. We believe we have substantial long-term growth potential in the U.S., and we have identified significant opportunities to add new stores, including our pOpshelf concept, in both existing and new markets. In addition, we have opportunities to relocate or remodel locations within our existing store base to better serve our customers. Our pOpshelf concept represents an important growth opportunity as a unique small-box retail concept that focuses on categories such as seasonal and home décor, health and beauty, home cleaning supplies, and party and entertainment goods. We have also identified international expansion as an important growth opportunity, with an initial focus on opening and operating stores in Mexico. We opened our first Mi Súper Dollar General store in Mexico in February of 2023, and believe there is additional growth potential in Mexico in the years ahead. Our attractive store economics, including a relatively low initial investment and simple, low-cost operating model, and our variety of store formats have allowed us to grow our store base to current levels and provide us significant opportunities to continue our profitable store growth strategy. ​ Our Merchandise ​ We offer a focused assortment of everyday necessities, which we believe helps to drive frequent customer visits, and key items in a broad range of general merchandise categories. Our product assortment provides the opportunity for our customers to address most of their basic shopping needs with one trip. We offer a wide selection of nationally advertised brands from leading manufacturers. Additionally, our private brand products offer even greater value with options to purchase both products that are of comparable quality to national brands as well as opening price point items, each at substantial discounts to the national brands. ​ Consumables is our largest merchandise category and includes paper and cleaning products (such as paper towels, bath tissue, paper dinnerware, trash and storage bags, disinfectants, and laundry); packaged food (such as cereals, pasta, canned soups, fruits and vegetables, condiments, spices, sugar and flour); perishables (such as milk, eggs, bread, refrigerated and frozen food, beer, wine and produce); snacks (such as candy, cookies, crackers, salty snacks and carbonated beverages); health and beauty (such as over-the-counter medicines and personal care products including soap, body wash, shampoo, cosmetics, dental hygiene and foot care products); pet (such as pet supplies and pet food); and tobacco products. ​ 6 Table of Contents Seasonal products include holiday items, toys, batteries, small electronics, greeting cards, stationery, prepaid phones and accessories, gardening supplies, hardware, automotive and home office supplies. ​ Home products include kitchen supplies, cookware, small appliances, light bulbs, storage containers, frames, candles, craft supplies and kitchen, bed and bath soft goods. ​ Apparel includes casual everyday apparel for infants, toddlers, girls, boys, women and men, as well as socks, underwear, disposable diapers, shoes and accessories. ​ The percentage of net sales of each of our four categories of merchandise for the fiscal years indicated below was as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2022 2021 2020 Consumables 79.7 % 76.7 % 76.8 % Seasonal 11.0 % 12.2 % 12.1 % Home products 6.2 % 6.8 % 6.5 % Apparel 3.1 % 4.3 % 4.6 % ​ Our seasonal and home products categories typically account for the highest gross profit margins, and the consumables category typically accounts for the lowest gross profit margin. ​ The Dollar General Store ​ The typical Dollar General store is operated by a store manager, one or more assistant store managers, and three or more sales associates. Our stores generally feature a low-cost, no frills building with limited capital requirements, low operating costs, and a focused merchandise offering within a broad range of categories, allowing us to deliver low retail prices while generating strong cash flows and capital investment returns. Our stores currently average approximately 7,500 square feet of selling space, and over 80% of our stores are located in towns of 20,000 or fewer people. Our primary new store format currently averages approximately 8,500 square feet of selling space. We generally have had good success in locating suitable store sites in the past, and we believe that there is ample opportunity for new store growth in existing and new markets. In addition, we believe we have significant opportunities available for our relocation and remodel programs. ​ Our store growth over the past three years is summarized in the following table: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Stores at ​ ​ Net ​ ​ ​ Beginning ​ Stores ​ Stores ​ Store ​ Stores at Year ​ of Year ​ Opened ​ Closed ​ Increase ​ End of Year 2020 16,278 1,000 101 899 17,177 ​ 2021 17,177 1,050 97 953 18,130 ​ 2022 18,130 1,039 65 974 19,104 ​ ​ Our Customers ​ Our customers seek value and convenience. Depending on their financial situation and geographic proximity, customers’ reliance on Dollar General varies from fill-in shopping, to making periodic trips to stock up on household items, to making weekly or more frequent trips to meet most essential needs. We generally locate our stores and plan our merchandise selections to best serve the needs of our core customers, the low and fixed income households often underserved by other retailers (including grocers), and we are focused on helping them make the most of their spending dollars. At the same time, however, Dollar General shoppers from a wide range of income brackets and life stages appreciate our quality merchandise as well as our attractive value and convenience proposition. ​ 7 Table of Contents Our Suppliers ​ We purchase merchandise from a wide variety of suppliers and maintain direct buying relationships with many producers of national brand merchandise. Despite our broad offering, we maintain only a limited number of items per category, allowing us to keep our average costs low. Our two largest suppliers accounted for approximately 10% and 8%, respectively, of our purchases in 2022. Our private brands come from a wide variety of suppliers. We directly imported approximately 9% of our purchases at cost in 2022. ​ In 2020 and 2021, COVID-19 and its impacts caused disruptions in our supply chain, at times making it more difficult to obtain certain products in sufficient quantities to meet customer demand and increasing distribution and transportation costs. We began to see normalization in the global supply chain during 2022 and anticipate continuing improvement moving forward. In situations where it becomes necessary to secure alternative sources, we may experience increased merchandise costs and supply chain lead time and expenses, a temporary reduction in store inventory levels, and reduced product selection or quality. An inability to obtain alternative sources could adversely affect our sales. ​ Distribution and Transportation ​ Our stores are currently supported by distribution centers for both refrigerated and non-refrigerated merchandise located strategically throughout our geographic footprint. We lease additional temporary warehouse space as necessary to support our distribution needs. In addition to our traditional distribution centers, we now operate multiple temperature-controlled distribution facilities in support of “DG Fresh”, our strategic, multi-phased shift to self-distribution of frozen and refrigerated goods, such as dairy, deli and frozen products. We regularly analyze and rebalance the network with a goal of ensuring that it remains efficient and provides the service levels our stores require. See “—Properties” below for additional information pertaining to our distribution centers. ​ Most of our merchandise flows through our distribution centers and is delivered to our stores by our private fleet and by third-party trucking firms, utilizing our trailers. In addition, vendors or third-party distributors deliver or ship certain food items and other merchandise directly to our stores. ​ In the second half of 2022, we experienced a temporary shortage of available warehouse capacity, primarily due to delays in opening temporary warehouse space. This shortage resulted in a significant impact to our operating results due to increased costs associated with delays in unloading inventory into warehouse space, as well as inefficiencies in moving goods throughout our internal supply chain. With the opening of three permanent distribution facilities in the fourth quarter of 2022, significant warehouse capacity is now available and has relieved the vast majority of these constraints. ​ Seasonality ​ The nature of our business is somewhat seasonal. Generally, our operating profit has been greater in the fourth quarter, which includes the Christmas selling season, as compared with operating profit in each of the first three quarters of our fiscal year. In addition, our quarterly results can be affected by the timing of certain holidays, new store openings, remodels, relocations, store closings, and weather patterns. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion & Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation” for further discussion of seasonality. ​ Our Competition ​ We operate in the basic discount consumer goods market, which is highly competitive with respect to price, customers, store location, merchandise quality, assortment and presentation, service offerings, in-stock consistency, customer service, promotional activity, employees, and market share. We compete with discount stores and many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery, drug, convenience, variety, online, and certain specialty stores. These other retail companies operate stores in many of the areas where we operate, and many of them engage in extensive advertising and marketing efforts. Our direct competitors include Family Dollar, Dollar Tree, Big Lots, 99 Cents Only and various local, independent operators, as well as Walmart, Target, Kroger, Aldi, Walgreens, CVS, and Rite Aid, among others. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution, 8 Table of Contents marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to secure better arrangements from suppliers than we can. Competition is intense and we believe it will continue to be so, with certain competitors reducing their store locations while others move into or increase their presence in our geographic and product markets and increase the availability of mobile, web-based and other digital technology to facilitate a more convenient and competitive online and in-store customer shopping experience. ​ We believe that we differentiate ourselves from other forms of retailing by offering competitive prices in a convenient, small-store format. We are able to maintain competitive prices due in part to our low-cost operating structure and the relatively limited assortment of products offered. Purchasing large volumes of merchandise within our focused assortment in each merchandise category allows us to keep our average product costs low, contributing to our ability to offer competitive everyday low prices to our customers. See “—Our Business Model” above and “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for further discussion of our competitive situation. ​ Our Intellectual Property ​ We own marks that are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and are protected under applicable intellectual property laws, including, without limitation, Dollar General®, DG®, Clover Valley®, trueliving®, and p Opshelf® along with variations and formatives of these trademarks. We attempt to obtain registration of our trademarks whenever practicable and to pursue vigorously any infringement of those marks. Our trademark registrations have various expiration dates; however, assuming that the trademark registrations are properly renewed, they have a perpetual duration. We also hold an exclusive license to the Rexall brand through at least March 5, 2029 and the Believe Beauty brand through at least March 18, 2025. ​ Human Capital Resources ​ At Dollar General, a foundational element in how we operate is exemplified in our fourth operating priority – Investing in our diverse teams through development, empowerment and inclusion. Building on our core value of respecting the dignity and differences of others, our goal is to create a work environment where each employee is encouraged and empowered to bring their unique perspective and voice to work each day. Based on a talent philosophy of “Attract, Develop, and Retain”, whether an individual works in a store, a distribution center, our store support center or our international offices, over the last 80+ years, we have helped millions of individuals start and progress in their careers, providing employees with numerous opportunities to gain new skills and develop their talents, supported by our award-winning training and development programs. ​ Attract ​ We seek to provide market competitive compensation and benefits packages that attract talent to the organization and then retain and incent employees for performance. Although eligibility for and the level of benefits vary depending on the employee’s full-time or part-time status, compensation level, date of hire, and/or length of service, the broad range of benefits we provide or make available may include: medical, prescription, telemedicine, dental and vision plans; flexible spending accounts; disability insurance; 401(k) plan; paid vacation; employee assistance program with access to legal assistance and counseling; healthy lifestyle and disease management programs; education assistance benefits; parental leave; adoption assistance; service award recognition; and a broad range of discounts for other products and services. To help measure the success of our overall employee compensation and benefits programs, we monitor employee applicant flow and staffing levels across the organization, as well as employee turnover, particularly at the store manager level. ​ Develop ​ As a testament to our employee development efforts, in February 2021 we were inducted into Training magazine’s Hall of Fame, following two consecutive years as the magazine’s top training and development program and rounding out 10 consecutive years among its Top 100 list. In 2022, we estimate we invested over four million training hours in our employees to promote their education and development. ​ 9 Table of Contents We enhance our development programs each year based on the current needs of our employees and the business. We offer a variety of differentiated programs, including mentorship, cohorts, and leader-led and experiential opportunities to ensure there is a path of development for all employees. ​ Our internal promotion rate helps us measure the success of our development programs. As of March 3, 2023, we employed more than 170,000 full-time and part-time employees, including divisional and regional managers, district managers, store managers, other store personnel, and distribution center, fleet and administrative personnel. As of the end of 2022, more than 70% of store managers and thousands of additional employees, including several members of our senior leadership, have been promoted from within our organization. ​ Retain ​ We strive to create an environment where our employees feel respected, safe, empowered, and valued. We regularly monitor retention and engagement levels across the organization through a variety of means, working to understand what is important to our employees and how we can best continue to meet their evolving needs. ​ Compliance with Governmental Regulations ​ Our operations are subject to the applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate or conduct business. These laws, rules and regulations relate to, among other things, the sale of products, including without limitation product and food safety, marketing and labeling; information security and privacy; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; health and safety; real property; public accommodations; anti-bribery; financial reporting and disclosure; pricing; antitrust and fair competition; anti-money laundering; transportation; imports and customs; intellectual property; taxes; and environmental compliance. ​ We routinely incur significant compliance related costs, both direct and indirect, including investments in store standards and labor such as our approximately $100 million investment planned for 2023, which we believe to be material. Although we can make no guarantees that other future such costs will not be material, to date, other than the investment referenced above, compliance with these laws, rules and regulations has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Many of our entry-level store employees are paid at rates in line with the applicable state minimum wage, and consequently, in certain situations, increases to such wage rates have increased our labor costs. If federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates/salary levels were to increase significantly and/or rapidly, compliance with such increases could adversely affect our earnings. Additionally, if significant changes in the federal, state or foreign corporate tax rates occur in the future, such change could adversely affect our overall effective tax rate and earnings. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for additional information regarding government regulations that could impact our business. ​ Available Information ​ Our Internet website address is www.dollargeneral.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Form 10-K. We file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders, and, from time to time, registration statements and other documents. These documents are available free of charge to investors on or through the Investor Information section of our website (https://investor.dollargeneral.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as Dollar General, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov. ​ 10 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investment in our Company involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. These risks are not the only risks we face. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could also be adversely affected by additional factors that apply to all companies generally or by risks not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial. We can provide no assurance and make no representation that our risk mitigation efforts, although we believe they are reasonable, will be successful. Business, Strategic and Competitive Risks Economic factors may reduce our customers’ spending, impair our ability to execute our strategies and initiatives, and increase our costs and expenses, which could result in materially decreased sales and/or profitability. Many of our customers have fixed or low incomes and limited discretionary spending dollars. Any factor that could adversely affect their disposable income could decrease our customers’ spending or cause them to shift their spending to our lower margin product choices, which could result in materially decreased sales and/or profitability. Factors that could reduce our customers’ disposable income include but are not limited to high unemployment or underemployment levels or decline in real wages; inflation; pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic); higher fuel, energy, healthcare and housing costs; higher interest rates, consumer debt levels, and tax rates; lack of available credit; tax law changes that negatively affect credits and refunds; and decreases in, or elimination of, government assistance programs or subsidies such as unemployment, food/nutrition assistance programs, and economic stimulus payments. Many of the economic factors listed above, as well as commodity rates; transportation, lease and insurance costs; wage rates (including the heightened possibility of increased federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates); foreign exchange rate fluctuations; measures that create barriers to or increase the costs of international trade (including increased import duties or tariffs); changes in applicable laws and regulations (including tax laws related to the corporate tax rate); and other economic factors, also could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategies and initiatives, as well as increase our cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses (including real estate costs), and may have other adverse consequences that we are unable to fully anticipate or control, all of which may materially decrease our sales or profitability. ​ Inflation in the United States rose significantly in 2022, primarily believed to be the result of the economic impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, including the global supply chain disruptions, strong economic recovery and associated widespread demand for goods, and government stimulus packages, among other factors. While we believe the growth rate of inflation is beginning to moderate, if inflation continues to increase, we may not be able to adjust prices sufficiently to offset the effect without negatively impacting customer demand or our gross margin. Additionally, to the extent that these inflationary pressures result in a recessionary environment, we may experience material adverse effects on our business, results of operations and cash flows. Our plans depend significantly on strategies, initiatives and investments designed to increase sales and profitability and improve the efficiencies, costs and effectiveness of our operations, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans could materially affect our results of operations. We have short-term and long-term strategies, initiatives and investments (such as those relating to merchandising, real estate and new store development, international expansion, store formats and concepts, digital, marketing, health services, shrink, damages, sourcing, private brand, inventory management, supply chain, private fleet, store operations, expense reduction, and technology) in various stages of testing, evaluation, and implementation, which are designed to continue to improve our results of operations and financial condition. The effectiveness of these initiatives is inherently uncertain, even when tested successfully, and is dependent on consistency of training and execution, workforce stability, ease of execution and scalability, and the absence of 11 Table of Contents offsetting factors that can influence results adversely. The number and diverse geographic locations of our stores and distribution centers and our decentralized field management also contribute to the challenging nature of these factors. Other risk factors described herein also could negatively affect general implementation. Failure to achieve successful or cost-effective implementation of our initiatives could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The success of our merchandising initiatives, particularly our non-consumable initiatives (including our new pOpshelf concept) and efforts to increase sales of higher margin products within the consumables category, further depends in part upon our ability to predict the products that our customers will demand and to identify and timely respond to evolving trends in consumer preferences and demographic mixes in our markets. If we are unable to select and timely obtain products that are attractive to customers and at costs that allow us to sell them at an acceptable profit, or to effectively market such products, it could result in materially decreased sales and profitability. Despite these initiatives, since the first quarter of 2022, we have experienced a sales mix trend reversion from non-consumables to consumables exceeding pre-pandemic levels. The success of our Fast Track initiative, which is designed to enhance our in-store labor productivity, on-shelf availability and customer convenience, further depends in part on successful acquisition, implementation and maintenance of the necessary hardware and new point of sale software, continued customer interest in and adoption of self-checkout, our ability to gain cost efficiencies and control shrink levels from the initiative, and vendor cooperation. The success of DG Media Network, which is our platform for connecting brand partners with our customers to drive even greater value for each, further depends on our ability to successfully gather target customer audiences that deliver consistent, predictable and beneficial returns on advertising spending so as to generate interest and demand from our brand partners, as well as to properly handle and secure all sensitive customer data. We face intense competition that could limit our growth opportunities and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The retail business is highly competitive with respect to price, customers, store location, merchandise quality, product assortment and presentation, service offerings, product sourcing and supply chain capacity, in-stock consistency, customer service, ease of shopping experience, promotional activity, employees, and market share. We compete with discount stores and many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery, drug, convenience, variety, online retailers, and certain specialty stores. To maintain our competitive position, we may be required to lower prices, either temporarily or permanently, and may have limited ability to increase prices in response to increased costs, resulting in lower margins and reduced profitability. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources, and may be able to secure better arrangements with suppliers, than we. Competition is intense, and is expected to continue to be so, with certain competitors reducing their store locations while others enter or increase their presence in our geographic and product markets (including through the expansion of availability of delivery services) and expand availability of mobile, web-based and other digital technologies to facilitate a more convenient and competitive online and in-store shopping experience. If our competitors or others were to enter our industry in a significant way, including through alliances or other business combinations, it could significantly alter the competitive dynamics of the retail marketplace and result in competitors with greatly improved competitive positions, which could materially affect our financial performance. Our ability to effectively compete will depend substantially upon our continued ability to develop and execute compelling and cost-effective strategies and initiatives. If we fail to anticipate or respond effectively to competitive pressures and industry changes, it could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. 12 Table of Contents Operational Risks If we cannot timely and cost-effectively execute our real estate projects and meet our financial expectations, or if we do not anticipate or successfully address the challenges imposed by our expansion, including into new countries or domestic markets, states, or urban or suburban areas, it could materially impede our planned future growth and our profitability. Delays in or failure to complete a significant portion of our real estate projects, or failure to meet our financial expectations for these projects, could materially and adversely affect our growth and our profitability. Our ability to timely open, relocate and remodel profitable stores and expand into additional market areas is a key component of our planned future growth and may depend in part on: the availability of suitable store locations and capital funding; the absence of entitlement process, permitting or occupancy delays, including zoning restrictions and moratoria on small box discount retail development such as those passed by certain local governments in areas where we operate or seek to operate; supply chain volatility resulting in delivery delays, and in some cases, lack of availability of store equipment, building materials, and store merchandise for resale; the ability to negotiate acceptable lease and development terms (for example, real estate development requirements and cost of building materials and labor), to cost-effectively hire and train qualified new personnel, especially store managers, and to identify and accurately assess sufficient customer demand; and general economic conditions. While we continued to experience certain of these factors at heightened levels in 2022, to date, they have not materially impaired our ability to complete our planned real estate projects or growth, and thus, have not had a material adverse effect on our financial performance. However, if the levels which we have experienced escalate for an extended period of time, we expect that they could have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete our future planned real estate projects or growth, and in turn, a material adverse effect on our financial performance. We also may not anticipate or successfully address all of the challenges imposed by the expansion of our operations (including our new pOpshelf store concept), including into new countries or domestic markets, states or urban or suburban areas where we have limited or no meaningful experience or brand recognition. Those areas may have different regulatory environments, competitive and market conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets, as well as higher cost of entry and operating costs. These factors may cause our new stores to be less profitable than stores in our existing markets, which could slow future growth in these areas. In addition, many new stores will be located in areas where we have existing stores, which inadvertently may temporarily or permanently divert a larger than anticipated number of customers and sales from our existing stores, thereby adversely affecting our overall financial performance. Inventory shrinkage and damages may negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. We experience significant inventory shrinkage and damages. Although some level of inventory shrinkage and damages is an unavoidable cost of doing business, higher rates of inventory shrinkage and damages or increased security or other costs to combat inventory theft could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. During 2022, our inventory shrink levels returned to pre-COVID-19 levels, and higher damages also impacted our results. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to contain or reduce inventory shrinkage and damages. Our cash flows from operations, profitability and financial condition may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances. Our inventory balance represented approximately 53% of our total assets exclusive of goodwill, operating lease assets, and other intangible assets as of February 3, 2023. Efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success and profitability. We must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product mix to meet our customers’ demands without allowing those levels to increase such that the costs to store and hold the goods unduly impacts our financial results or increases the risk of inventory shrinkage or damages. If we do not accurately predict customer trends, spending levels, or price sensitivity, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns to dispose of the excess inventory, which also can adversely affect our financial results. We continue to focus on ways to reduce these risks, but we cannot make assurances that we will be successful in our inventory 13 Table of Contents management. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our cash flows from operations and financial condition may be negatively affected. Failure to maintain the security of our business, customer, employee or vendor information or to comply with privacy laws could expose us to litigation, government enforcement actions and costly response measures, and could materially harm our reputation and affect our business and financial performance. In connection with sales, we transmit confidential credit and debit card information which is encrypted using point-to-point encryption. We also have access to, collect or maintain certain private or confidential information regarding our customers, employees and their dependents, and vendors, as well as our business. Some of this information is stored electronically in connection with our e-commerce and mobile applications, some of which may leverage third-party service providers. Additionally, we may share information with and depend upon select vendors to assist us in conducting our business. While we have implemented procedures and technology intended to protect such information and require appropriate controls of our vendors, external attackers could compromise such controls and result in unauthorized disclosure of such information, as attacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated, may include attacks on our third-party business partners, and do not always or immediately produce detectable indicators of compromise. Moreover, inadvertent or malicious internal personnel actions could result in a defeat of security measures and a compromise of our or our third-party vendors’ information systems. Furthermore, if a vendor is the victim of a cyberattack, including a ransomware attack, such attack could have a corresponding material effect on our ability to do business with that vendor or to receive information that may be required to timely prepare our financial statements. Due to the political tensions involving China and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, there is an increased likelihood that escalation of tensions could result in cyberattacks that could directly or indirectly impact our operations. Like other retailers, we and our vendors have experienced threats to, and incidents involving, data and systems, including by perpetrators of attempted random or targeted malicious attacks; computer malware, ransomware, bots, or other destructive or disruptive software; and attempts to misappropriate our information and cause system failures and disruptions, although to date none have been material to our business. If attackers obtain customer, employee or vendor passwords through unrelated third-party breaches, and if impacted customers, employees, or vendors do not employ good online security practices (e.g., use the same password across different sites or do not use multifactor authentication), these passwords could be used to gain access to their information or accounts with us in certain situations. Because we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to industry data protection standards and protocols, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. Nonetheless, we may be vulnerable to, and unable to detect and appropriately respond to, cardholder data security breaches and data loss, including successful attacks on applications, systems, or networks. A significant security breach of any kind experienced by us or one of our vendors, which could be undetected for a period of time, or a significant failure by us or one of our vendors to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws, regulations and standards could expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, government enforcement actions, fines or penalties, credit card brand assessments, negative publicity and reputational harm, business disruption and costly response measures (e.g., providing notification to, and credit monitoring services for, affected individuals, as well as further upgrades to our security measures; procuring a replacement vendor if one of our current vendors is unable to fulfill its obligations to us due to a cyberattack or incident) which may not be covered by or may exceed the coverage limits of our insurance policies, and could materially disrupt our operations. Any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation which could cause us to lose market share as a result of customers discontinuing the use of our e-commerce and mobile applications or debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether and could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. 14 Table of Contents Material damage or interruptions to our information systems as a result of external factors, staffing shortages or challenges in maintaining or updating our existing technology or developing or implementing new technology could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We depend on a variety of information technology systems, including systems owned and managed by third-party vendors, for the efficient functioning of our business, including, without limitation, transaction processing and the management of our employees, facilities, logistics, inventories, stores and customer-facing digital applications and operations. Our technology initiatives may not deliver desired results or may do so on a delayed schedule. Additionally, such systems are subject to damage or interruption from power surges and outages, facility damage, physical theft, computer and telecommunications failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, malicious code (including malware, ransomware, or similar), successful attacks (e.g., account compromise; phishing; denial of service; and application, network or system vulnerability exploitation), software upgrade failures or code defects, natural disasters and human error. Due to the political tensions involving China and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, there is an increased likelihood that escalation of tensions could result in cyberattacks that could either directly or indirectly impact our operations. Design defects, damage to, or interruption to these systems may require a significant investment to repair or replace, disrupt our operations and affect our ability to meet business and reporting requirements, result in the loss or corruption of critical data, and harm our reputation, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business or results of operations. We also rely heavily on our information technology staff. Failure to meet these staffing needs may negatively affect our ability to fulfill our technology initiatives while continuing to provide maintenance on existing systems. We rely on third parties to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that they can continue to support our business. We license the software programs supporting many of our systems from independent software developers. The inability or failure of these vendors, developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade these systems and software programs could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations or retain vulnerability exploitation risk if we were unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner and could expose us to greater risk of a successful attack. In addition, costs and delays associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology, including the migration of applications to the cloud or our current implementation of our new point of sale system, or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems also could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations, fail to operate as designed, result in the potential loss or corruption of data or information, disrupt operation, inhibit our ability to innovate, and affect our ability to meet business and reporting requirements and adversely affect our profitability. A significant disruption to our distribution network, the capacity of our distribution centers or the timely receipt of inventory could adversely affect sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profitability. We rely on our distribution and transportation network to provide goods to our stores timely and cost- effectively. Using various transportation modes, including ocean, rail, and truck, we and our vendors move goods from vendor locations to our distribution centers and our stores. Any disruption, unanticipated or unusual expense or operational failure related to this process could negatively impact sales and profits. In 2022, we experienced increased fuel costs; inventory receipt and delivery delays; earlier than expected receipt of seasonal inventory leading to capacity constraints that were exacerbated by unexpected delays in acquiring additional temporary warehouse space sufficient for our inventory needs; and increases in transportation costs (including increased import freight costs and carrier and driver wages) as a result of capacity rightsizing, port congestion, and labor shortages. These challenges resulted in materially higher than anticipated supply chain costs in 2022, including detention fees incurred for delays in returning shipping containers, higher temporary storage and transportation costs and labor, which in turn, had a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Labor shortages or work stoppages or slowdowns in the transportation industry or disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that necessitate our securing alternative labor or shipping suppliers could also increase our costs or otherwise negatively affect our business. We maintain a network of distribution facilities and are moving forward with plans to build or lease new facilities (including temperature-controlled distribution centers) to support our growth objectives and strategic initiatives. Delays in opening such facilities could adversely affect our financial performance by slowing store 15 Table of Contents growth (including accelerated pOpshelf store growth plans) or the rollout/development of certain strategic initiatives, which may in turn reduce revenue growth and/or profitability, or by increasing transportation and product costs. In addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks that could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: availability of temperature-controlled distribution centers and refrigerated transportation equipment; shortages of materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. For these reasons, the completion date and ultimate cost of these projects could differ significantly from initial expectations, and we cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established budgets. Risks associated with or faced by our suppliers could adversely affect our financial performance. We source our merchandise from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers, and we depend on them to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner and in the large volumes that we may require. In 2022, our two largest suppliers accounted for approximately 10% and 8% respectively, of our purchases. If one or more of our current sources of supply became unavailable, we believe we generally would be able to obtain alternative sources, but it could increase our merchandise costs and supply chain lead time and expenses, result in a temporary reduction in store inventory levels, and reduce the selection and quality of our merchandise. An inability to obtain alternative sources could materially decrease our sales. Additionally, if a supplier fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales and reputational harm. Further, failure of suppliers to meet our compliance protocols could prolong our procurement lead time, resulting in lost sales and adverse margin impact. We directly imported approximately 9% of our purchases (measured at cost) in 2022, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. Changes to the prices and flow of these goods often are for reasons beyond our control, such as political or civil unrest, acts of war, disruptive global political events (for example, political tensions involving China and the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine), currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes, economic conditions and instability in countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our terms and conditions or our standards, issues with our suppliers’ labor practices or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials, pandemic outbreaks, merchandise quality or safety issues, transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import. Such changes could adversely affect our operations and profitability. While we are working to diversify our sources of imported goods to include Southeast Asia, India, South America and Mexico, a substantial amount of our imported merchandise comes from China, and thus, a change in the Chinese leadership, the effects of pandemic outbreaks, economic and market conditions, internal economic stimulus actions, or currency or other policies, as well as trade and other relations between China and the United States and increases in costs of labor, could negatively impact our merchandise costs. In addition, the United States’ foreign trade policies, duties, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries (particularly China) and entities, import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade and port labor agreements are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our business and financial performance. If we increase our product imports from foreign vendors, the risks associated with these imports also will increase, and we may be exposed to additional or different risks as we increase imports of goods produced in countries other than China. 16 Table of Contents Natural disasters and unusual or extreme weather conditions (whether or not caused by climate change), pandemic outbreaks or other health crises, political or civil unrest, acts of war, violence or terrorism, and disruptive global political events could disrupt business and result in lower sales and/or profitability and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance. The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, fires, floods, tornadoes and earthquakes, unusual or extreme weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks or other health crises (for example, the COVID-19 pandemic), political or civil unrest, acts of war, violence or terrorism (including within our stores, distribution centers or other Company property), or disruptive global political events (for example, the political tensions involving China and the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine) or similar disruptions could adversely affect our reputation, business and financial performance. If any of these events result in the closure, or a limitation on operating hours, of one or more of our distribution centers, a significant number of stores, our sourcing offices, our corporate headquarters or data center or impact one or more of our key suppliers, our operations and financial performance could be materially and adversely affected through an inability or reduced ability to make deliveries, process payroll or provide other support functions to our stores and through lost sales. These events also could affect consumer shopping patterns or prevent customers from reaching our stores, which could lead to lost sales and higher markdowns, or result in increases in fuel or other energy prices, fuel shortage(s), new store or distribution center opening delays, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption of product availability in our stores, the temporary or long-term inability to obtain or access technology needed to effectively run our business, disruption of our utility services or information systems, and damage to our reputation. For example, in 2022, Winter Storm Elliott had a significant impact on our fourth quarter results because of lost sales, increased damages and increased markdowns. These events may also increase the costs of insurance if they result in significant loss of property or other insurable damage by us or in the market more generally. Furthermore, the long-term impacts of global climate change present the possibility of both physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), which may be widespread and unpredictable. Over time, these changes, as well as regulatory efforts related thereto, could affect, for example, the availability and cost of products, commodities and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods and services required for the operation of our businesses at the quantities and levels we require. In addition, our operations and facilities may be located in areas impacted by the physical risks of climate change, and we face the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to stores, distribution centers, or our corporate offices, as well as loss or spoilage of inventory and business interruption caused by such events. We also use natural gas, diesel fuel and gasoline and electricity in our operations, all of which could face increased regulation relating to climate change or other environmental concerns. Regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions and energy inputs may also increase in coming years, which may increase our costs associated with compliance and merchandise. These events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations and could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Product liability, product recall or other product safety or labeling claims could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial performance. We depend on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy from them comply with applicable product safety and labeling laws and regulations and to inform us of all applicable restrictions on the sale of such products. Nonetheless, product liability, personal injury or other claims may be asserted against us relating to alleged product contamination, tampering, expiration, mislabeling, recall and other safety or labeling issues, including those relating to products that we may self-distribute through our DG Fresh initiative. We seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification and insurance coverage for product-related claims and issues from our vendors. If we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, or our vendors fails to adhere to their obligations to us, such claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to obtain indemnification from foreign vendors may be hindered by our ability to obtain jurisdiction over them to enforce contractual obligations. Even with adequate insurance and indemnification, such claims could significantly harm our reputation 17 Table of Contents and consumer confidence in our products and we could incur significant litigation expenses, which also could materially affect our results of operations even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or not fully pursued. Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance. Our insurance coverage reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on our operations. However, there are types of losses we may incur but against which we cannot be insured or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to acts of war, certain crimes (including employee crime), certain wage and hour and other employment-related claims and litigation, actions based on certain consumer protection laws, and some natural and other disasters or similar events. If we incur material uninsured losses, our financial performance could suffer. Certain material events have resulted, and may result again in the future, in sizable losses for the insurance industry and adversely affect the availability of adequate insurance coverage or result in excessive premium increases. To offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher deductibles or reduce the amount of coverage. In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers’ compensation, automobile liability, general liability (including claims made against certain of our landlords), property loss, and group health insurance programs. Significant changes in actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, including any expected increases in medical and indemnity costs, could result in materially different expenses than expected under these programs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Although we maintain property insurance to cover insurable losses resulting from, for example, fires and storms, at our store support center and distribution centers, we are effectively self-insured for other property losses. If we experience a greater number of these self-insured losses than we anticipate, our financial performance could be adversely affected. Failure to attract, develop and retain qualified employees while controlling labor costs, as well as other labor issues, including employee safety issues, could adversely affect our financial performance. Our future growth and performance, positive customer experience and legal and regulatory compliance depends on our ability to attract, develop, retain and motivate qualified employees while operating in an industry challenged by historically high rates of employee turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while controlling our labor costs, is subject to many external factors, including competition for and availability of qualified personnel, unemployment levels, wage rates and salary levels (including the heightened possibility of increased federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates/salary levels), health and other insurance costs, changes in employment and labor laws or other workplace regulations (including those relating to employee benefit programs such as health insurance and paid leave programs), employee activism, employee safety issues, employee expectations and productivity, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. If we are unable to attract, develop and retain adequate numbers of qualified employees, our operations, customer service levels, legal and regulatory compliance, and support functions could suffer. In addition, to the extent a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor and other related costs could increase, and it is possible that federal agencies may adopt or impose regulatory or other changes to existing law that could facilitate union organizing. Our ability to pass along labor and other related costs to our customers is constrained by our everyday low price model, and we may not be able to offset such increased costs elsewhere in our business. Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel. If we lose key personnel or are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our business may be harmed. Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key personnel. The unexpected loss of the services of any of such persons could adversely affect our operations. There can be no assurance that our executive succession planning, retention or hiring efforts will be successful. Competition for skilled and experienced management personnel is intense, and a failure to attract and retain new qualified personnel or our inability to enforce non-compete agreements that we have in place with our management personnel could adversely affect our operations. 18 Table of Contents Our private brands may not be successful in improving our gross profit rate at our expected levels and may increase certain of the risks we face. The sale of private brand items is an important component of our sales growth and gross profit rate enhancement plans. Broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including pricing, quality, customer perception, and timely development and introduction of new products. We cannot give assurance that we will achieve or maintain our expected level of private brand sales. The sale and expansion of these offerings also subjects us to or increases certain risks, such as: product liability claims and product recalls; disruptions in raw material and finished product supply and distribution chains; inability to successfully protect our proprietary rights; claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; supplier labor and human rights issues, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. Failure to appropriately address these risks could materially and adversely affect our private brand initiatives, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Because our business is somewhat seasonal, adverse events during the fourth quarter could materially affect our financial statements as a whole. Primarily because of sales of Christmas-related merchandise, our most profitable sales mix generally occurs in the fourth quarter. In anticipation of this holiday, we purchase substantial amounts of seasonal inventory, and if sales fall below seasonal norms or our expectations it could result in unanticipated markdowns. Adverse events, such as deteriorating economic conditions, high unemployment rates, high gas or energy prices, transportation disruptions, or unusual or unanticipated adverse weather could result in lower-than-planned sales during the Christmas selling season, which in turn could reduce our profitability and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance and operating results. For example, in 2022, Winter Storm Elliott had a significant impact on our fourth quarter results, specifically lost sales and higher than anticipated damages and markdowns. Failure to protect our reputation could adversely affect our business. Our success depends in part on the protection of the reputation of Dollar General and the products and services we sell, including our private brands. Failure to comply or accusation of failure to comply, even if unfounded, with ethical, social, product, labor, data privacy, consumer protection, safety, environmental and other applicable standards could jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer, shareholder or non-governmental organization (NGO) actions, litigation and governmental investigations and/or require a costly response. In addition, our position or perceived lack of position on certain issues (e.g., public policy, social, or environmental issues), and any perceived lack of transparency about such matters, could harm our reputation and potentially lead to adverse consumer, shareholder or NGO actions, including negative public statements. Similar incidents or factors involving vendors and other third parties with whom we conduct business also may affect our reputation. Public comments on social media, whether or not they are accurate, have the potential to quickly influence negative perceptions of Dollar General or our goods and services, including our private brands. Any failure, or perceived failure, to meet any of our published ESG-related aspirations or goals, which is often outside of our control, could adversely affect public perception of our business, employee morale or customer or shareholder support. Negative reputational incidents could adversely affect our business through lost sales, loss of new store and development opportunities, or employee retention and recruiting difficulties. Regulatory, Legal, Compliance and Accounting Risks A significant change in governmental regulations and requirements could materially increase our cost of doing business, and noncompliance with governmental regulations could materially and adversely affect our financial performance. We routinely incur significant costs in complying with numerous and frequently changing laws and regulations. The complexity of this regulatory environment and related compliance costs continue to increase due to additional legal and regulatory requirements, our expanding operations, and increased regulatory scrutiny and enforcement efforts. New or revised laws, regulations, orders, policies and related interpretations and enforcement practices, particularly those dealing with the sale of products, including without limitation, product and food safety, 19 Table of Contents marketing, labeling or pricing; information security and privacy; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; health and safety; imports and customs; taxes; bribery; climate change; and environmental compliance, may significantly increase our expenses or require extensive system and operating changes that could materially increase our cost of doing business. In 2023, we plan to invest approximately $100 million, which we believe to be material, in our stores, primarily in the form of labor, to enhance store standards, our compliance efforts and the employee and customer experience. Violations of applicable laws and regulations or untimely or incomplete execution of a required product recall can result in significant penalties (including loss of licenses, eligibility to accept certain government benefits such as SNAP or significant fines), class action or other litigation, governmental investigation or action and reputational damage. Additionally, changes in tax laws (including those related to the federal, state or foreign corporate tax rate), the interpretation of existing laws, or our failure to sustain our reporting positions on examination could adversely affect our overall effective tax rate, or in the case of the recently enacted stock buyback excise tax, our cash flows. Furthermore, significant and/or rapid increases to federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates/salary levels could adversely affect our earnings if we are not able to otherwise offset these increased labor costs elsewhere in our business. Moreover, the adoption of new environmental laws and regulations in connection with climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy, including any federal or state laws enacted to regulate greenhouse gas emissions, could significantly increase our operating or merchandise costs or reduce the demand for our products. These laws and regulations may include, but are not limited to, requirements relating to hazardous waste materials, recycling, single-use plastics, extended producer responsibility, use of refrigerants, carbon pricing or carbon taxes, product energy efficiency standards and product labeling. If carbon pricing requirements or carbon taxes are adopted, there is a significant risk that the cost of merchandise from our suppliers will increase and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Legal proceedings may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation or other legal proceedings by employees, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies and others through private actions, class actions, multi-district litigation, arbitrations, derivative actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. For example, we are involved in certain legal proceedings as discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. The outcome of legal proceedings, particularly class action or multi-district litigation or mass arbitrations and regulatory actions, can be difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for lengthy periods. In addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required, and sometimes these developments are unanticipated. Legal proceedings in general, and class actions, derivative actions, multi-district litigation, and governmental investigations and actions in particular, can be expensive and disruptive, and adverse publicity could harm our reputation, regardless of the validity of the allegations. As a result, legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. See also Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. New accounting guidance or changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could adversely affect our financial performance. The implementation of new accounting standards could require certain systems, internal process and controls and other changes that could increase our operating costs and result in changes to our financial statements. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or in underlying management assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. The outcome of such changes could include litigation or regulatory actions which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents Financial and Capital Market Risks Deterioration in market conditions or changes in our credit profile could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. We rely on the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to the credit and capital markets to fund our operations, growth strategy, and return of cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate increases, may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of future liquidity. In 2022, as interest rates rose, our interest expense rose as well. There continues to be market uncertainty, which could result in further increases in our cost of borrowing. Our continued access to liquidity sources on favorable terms depends on multiple factors, including our operating performance and credit ratings. Our debt securities currently are rated investment grade, and a downgrade of this rating likely would negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing. As a result, disruptions in the debt markets or any downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition and our ability to return cash to our shareholders. We can make no assurances that our ability to obtain additional financing through the debt markets will not be adversely affected by economic conditions or that we will be able to maintain or improve our current credit ratings. ​ ​