Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 16 Item 2. Properties 17 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 19 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 19 Part II 19 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 19 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 21 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 34 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 34 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 34 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 35 Item 9B. Other Information 37 Part III 38 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 38 Item 11. Executive Compensation 38 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 39 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 39 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 39 Part IV 40 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 40 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 69 SIGNATURES 73 2 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements We caution that any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or made by our management involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various important factors, many of which may be beyond our control. Accordingly, our future performance and financial results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such forward-looking statements. Investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. These statements can be identified as those that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or advancements and by forward-looking words such as "believe", "anticipate", "expect", "estimate", "predict", "intend", "plan", "project", "goal", "will", "will be", "will continue", "will result", "could", "may", "might" or any variations of such words or other words with similar meanings. Forward-looking statements address, among other things, investments to enhance our store experience, to improve our eCommerce fulfillment capabilities, and to implement technology solutions that improve the athlete experience and our teammates’ productivity; the continued improvements to the functionality and performance of our own eCommerce platform, including faster and more reliable delivery, faster and more convenient checkout, improved page responsiveness, and new content development through our Pro Tips platform; plans to invest in the growth and marketing of our private brand business; the opening of two new fulfillment centers during the third quarter of 2019; delivering the majority of our online orders within two business days by the end of 2019; our plans to reduce our store growth rate and leverage our real estate portfolio to capitalize on future opportunities in the near and intermediate term as our existing leases come up for renewal; plans to remove hunt merchandise from approximately 125 Dick's Sporting Goods stores and replace with merchandise that is more relevant to the local market; capturing displaced market share; the potential impact of the continuation of the promotional environment in retail, broadened distribution channels of key vendors, and weak customer demand for firearms and other hunting merchandise across the industry; attracting and retaining knowledgeable and skilled teammates; projections of our future profitability; future results of operations; the effect of new or changes in existing tariffs; capital expenditures; anticipated store openings and relocations; plans to return capital to stockholders through dividends or share repurchases; and our future financial condition. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled "Risk Factors" (Item 1A of this Form 10-K). In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment; therefore, new risk factors can arise, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor to assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any individual risk factor, or combination of risk factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of this date. We do not assume any obligation and do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise except as may be required by the securities laws. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, referred to as "the Company", "we", "us" and "our" unless specified otherwise) is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories through a blend of dedicated associates, in-store services and unique specialty shop-in-shops. The Company also owns and operates Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream stores, and Dick's Team Sports HQ, an all-in-one youth sports digital platform offering scheduling, communications and live scorekeeping through its GameChanger mobile apps, free league management services, custom uniforms and fan wear, and access to donations and sponsorships. The Company offers its products through a content-rich eCommerce platform that is integrated with its store network and provides customers with the convenience and expertise of a 24-hour storefront. The Company was founded in 1948 when Richard "Dick" Stack, the father of Edward W. Stack, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, opened his original bait and tackle store in Binghamton, New York. Edward W. Stack joined his father's business full-time in 1977 and in 1984 became President and Chief Executive Officer of the then two-store chain. Our vision is to be the best sports company in the world. We create confidence and excitement by personally equipping all athletes to achieve their dreams. 3 Table of Contents We were incorporated in 1948 in New York under the name Dick's Clothing and Sporting Goods, Inc. In November 1997, we reincorporated as a Delaware corporation and in April 1999 we changed our name to Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. Our executive office is located at 345 Court Street, Coraopolis, Pennsylvania 15108 and our phone number is (724) 273-3400. Our website is located at dicks.com. The information on our website does not constitute a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We include on our website, free of charge, copies of our Annual and Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified, any reference to "year" is to the Company's fiscal year. Business Strategy The key elements of our business strategy are: Focus on Our Customer. Our first priority is to put the customer, to whom we refer as athletes, at the center of everything that we do. We believe that our mindset and our culture must ensure that every decision we make, whether in our stores or at our Customer Support Center ("CSC"), improves the athlete’s experience. We will continue to make investments that enhance our store experience, improve our eCommerce fulfillment capabilities and implement technology solutions that improve the athlete experience as well as teammate productivity. Our marketing program is designed to build loyalty for the Dick’s Sporting Goods brand while promoting our broad assortment of brand name sporting goods equipment, apparel and footwear in a specialty store environment. Our historical marketing strategy has consisted largely of newspaper advertising supplemented by direct mail and seasonal use of local and national television and radio. While we continue to market through these traditional channels, we have more recently developed brand-building marketing campaigns focused on building passion and loyalty to the Dick’s Sporting Goods brand and have shifted our advertising focus toward digital marketing and personalization. We continue to leverage our extensive and expanding customer relationship marketing database from our ScoreCard Rewards program. The Company continues to grow its community presence through Team Sports HQ and sponsoring thousands of teams at the local level. We continue to offer our Best Price Guarantee as a promise to our customers that if they find a lower price than ours, we will match it. We also continue to enhance our ScoreCard loyalty program to make it more rewarding to our customers. At the end of fiscal 2017, we discontinued our practice of expiring accrued ScoreCard points at year-end and moved to a rolling 12-month expiration policy. We believe this will reduce customer frustration and will provide us an opportunity to drive customers back to us after they earn points by shopping with us during the holiday season. We also launched a new tier of our ScoreCard loyalty program during 2018 that better rewards our best customers for their loyalty to us. Authentic Sporting Goods Retailer. Our history and core foundation is as a retailer of high-quality authentic athletic equipment, apparel and footwear, which is intended to enhance our customers' performance and enjoyment of athletic pursuits, rather than focusing our merchandise selection on the latest fashion trend or style. We believe our customers seek genuine, deep product offerings, and that ultimately this merchandising approach positions us with advantages in the market, which we believe will continue to benefit from new product offerings with enhanced technological features. Our objective is not only to carry leading brands, but to carry a full range of products within each category, including premium items for the sports enthusiast. We believe that the breadth of our product selections in each category of sporting goods offers our customers a wide range of good, better and best price points and enables us to address the needs of sporting goods consumers, from the beginner to the sports enthusiast, which distinguishes us from other large format sporting goods stores. We also believe that the range of merchandise and extensive in-store support services that we offer allows us to differentiate and compete effectively against all of our competitors, from traditional independent sporting goods stores and specialty shops to other large format sporting goods stores and mass merchant discount retailers to internet-based retailers. Drive Omni-channel Growth. At the core of our omni-channel business are our stores. We believe when our customers connect with the Dick's Sporting Goods brand they expect a seamless shopping experience, regardless of the manner in which they choose to shop with us. We continue to see growth in the number of customers who shop with us both online and in our stores and believe these omni-channel customers represent the future of retail. 4 Table of Contents We plan to continue investing to improve the functionality and performance of our eCommerce site, including a faster and more convenient checkout, improved page responsiveness and new content development through our Pro Tips platform. We believe our biggest opportunity to continue improving our online experience is through faster and more reliable delivery. We plan to open two new eCommerce fulfillment centers in New York and California during the third quarter of fiscal 2019, which will enable us to deliver the majority of our online orders within two business days by the end of fiscal 2019. Like our customers, we see retail as an omni-channel experience, where the distinctions between stores and online are becoming increasingly irrelevant. We believe our store base gives us a competitive advantage over our online-only competitors, as our physical presence allows us to better serve our customers by creating strong engagement through experiential elements, offering the convenience of accepting in-store returns or exchanges and expediting fulfillment of eCommerce orders. We believe that offering support services for the products we sell enhances the credibility of our associates and specialty store concepts with our customers and further differentiates our stores from our competitors. Differentiating Dick's Sporting Goods. Our key partners invest in our stores to showcase their brands. We carry a wide variety of well-known brands, including adidas, Asics, Brooks, Callaway Golf, Columbia, Easton, Nike, TaylorMade, The North Face, Titleist, Under Armour and Yeti. We seek to leverage our partnerships to offer authenticity and credibility to our customers, while differentiating ourselves from our competitors. Our brand partnerships also provide us with access to exclusive products and allow us to differentiate our customers' shopping experience through initiatives such as our brand shops, which provide our customers with a wider and deeper selection of products from our key brands. To provide differentiation in assortment of products when compared to our competitors, we also offer a wide variety of private brand products that are not available from other retailers. Our exclusive private brand offerings include brands that we own such as Alpine Design, CALIA, ETHOS, Field & Stream, Fitness Gear, Lady Hagen, MAXFLI, Nishiki, Quest, Second Skin, Tommy Armour, Top-Flite and Walter Hagen, as well as brands that we license from third parties including adidas baseball and football, Reebok (performance apparel), Slazenger (golf) and Prince (tennis). Our private brands offer exceptional value and quality to our customers, while also providing the Company with higher gross margins than we obtain on sales of comparable third-party branded products. We consider our private brand strategy to be a key area of opportunity to increase productivity in our stores and online, and have invested in a research, development and procurement staff to support our private brand business. Looking forward, we intend to grow the CALIA line of women's athletic apparel and introduce new private brands during fiscal 2019. Private brand sales represented approximately 14%, 12% and 10% of the Company's consolidated net sales during fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Company is also actively involved in local communities, sponsoring thousands of teams in various sports, and supports the philanthropic efforts of its private corporate foundation, The Dick's Sporting Goods Foundation, whose primary mission is to inspire and enable youth sports participation through the Sports Matter program. The Dick's Team Sports HQ business, which is primarily comprised of Blue Sombrero, Affinity Sports, GameChanger and AD Starr, is focused on creating a holistic digital eco-system to support and equip youth sports and establish relationships with millions of players. We plan to use Dick's Team Sports HQ to stay top-of-mind for athletes and their families, and to create a powerful dataset that we will use to develop offers that are tailored and timed to meet the needs of these athletes. Merchandising The following table sets forth the approximate percentage of our sales attributable to the hardlines, apparel and footwear categories for the fiscal years presented: Fiscal Year Category 2018 2017 2016 Hardlines (1) 43 % 45 % 45 % Apparel 35 % 34 % 35 % Footwear 20 % 20 % 19 % Other (2) 2 % 1 % 1 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % (1) Includes items such as sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, golf equipment and hunting and fishing gear. (2) Includes the Company's non-merchandise sales categories, including in-store services, shipping revenues and credit card processing revenues. 5 Table of Contents Segment information is further described within Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Selling Channels We offer products to our customers through our retail stores and online. Although we sell through both of these channels, we believe that sales in one channel are not independent of the other. Regardless of the sales channel, we seek to provide our customers with a seamless omni-channel shopping experience. Retail Stores: Store Format. Each of our Dick's Sporting Goods stores unites several sports specialty stores under one roof, and typically contains the following specialty shops: Team Sports, Athletic Apparel, Golf, Outdoor Lodge, Fitness and Footwear. We believe our "store-within-a-store" concept creates a unique shopping environment by combining the convenience, broad assortment and competitive prices of large format stores with the brand names, deep product selection and customer service of a specialty store. Our Dick's Sporting Goods, Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream stores are designed to create an exciting and interactive shopping environment for the sporting enthusiast that highlights our extensive product assortments and value-added services. We seek to expand our presence through the opening of new stores, and believe that growing our store network and eCommerce business simultaneously will enable us to profitably grow the business by delivering an omni-channel shopping experience for our customers. We plan to continue a reduced rate of store growth compared to historical levels as we monitor the competitive retail landscape and focus our store growth in under-served and under-penetrated markets. In fiscal 2019, we expect to open approximately seven new Dick's Sporting Goods stores and two new Golf Galaxy stores, which represents a slight reduction from 2018. Additionally, we plan to relocate three Dick's Sporting Goods stores and one Golf Galaxy store. We do not plan to open any new Field & Stream stores in 2019. Approximately two-thirds of our Dick’s Sporting Goods stores will be up for lease renewal at our option over the next five years. We plan to leverage the significant flexibility within our existing real estate portfolio to capitalize on future real estate opportunities over the near and intermediate term as these leases come up for renewal. eCommerce: Through our websites, we seek to provide our customers with in-depth product information and the ability to shop with us at any time. In recent years, the Company has continued to innovate its eCommerce sites and applications with customer experience enhancements, new releases of its mobile and tablet apps, and the development of omni-channel capabilities that integrate the Company's online presence with its brick and mortar stores to provide our customers with an omni-channel shopping experience. Currently, we have return-to-store capabilities for online orders, the ability to place online orders in our stores if we are out of stock in the retail store and buy online pick-up in-store capabilities. We also have the ability through our websites to ship orders placed online from our retail locations, which reduces delivery times for online orders and improves inventory productivity. In fiscal 2018 , eCommerce accounted for approximately 15% of our total net sales. Purchasing, Distribution and Customer Fulfillment During fiscal 2018, we purchased merchandise from approximately 1,200 vendors. Nike , our largest vendor, represented approximately 19% of our merchandise purchases. No other vendor represented 10% or more of our fiscal 2018 merchandise purchases. We do not have long-term purchase contracts with any of our vendors and all of our purchases from vendors are made on a short-term purchase order basis. We currently operate five regional distribution centers to supply stores with merchandise. Vendors ship floor-ready merchandise to our distribution centers, where it is processed and allocated directly to our stores or to temporary storage at our distribution centers. Our distribution centers are responsible for consolidating damaged or defective merchandise from our stores that is being returned to vendors. We have contracted with common carriers to deliver merchandise from all of our distribution centers to our stores. During fiscal 2018 , our stores received approximately 92% of merchandise through our distribution network with the remaining merchandise being shipped directly to the stores from our vendors. We believe this flow of merchandise facilitates prompt and efficient distribution to our stores in order to enhance in-stocks, minimize freight costs and improve our inventory turns. 6 Table of Contents We leverage our store and distribution center network, a third-party operated fulfillment center and direct shipping capabilities from our vendors to ensure merchandise delivery speed to our customers and to minimize shipping costs. Competition The market for sporting goods retailers is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. We compete with many retailing formats, including large format sporting goods stores, traditional sporting goods stores, specialty and vendor stores, mass merchants and department stores, internet and catalog-based retailers, and vendors selling directly to consumers. We seek to attract customers by offering a wide range of products utilizing distinctive marketing in stores to create a unique shopping environment and superior service through an omni-channel experience. Employees As of February 2, 2019 , we employed approximately 15,200 full-time and 25,500 part-time associates. Due to the seasonal nature of our business, total employment figures fluctuate throughout the year and typically peak during the fourth quarter. None of our associates are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our relations with our associates are good. Seasonality Seasonality of the Company's business is discussed in further detail within Item 1A. "Risk Factors". Proprietary Rights The Company has a number of service marks and trademarks registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, including various versions of the following: "Alpine Design", "CALIA", "Dick's", "Dick's Sporting Goods", "DSG", "Ethos", "Field & Stream", "Fitness Gear", "Golf Galaxy", "Golfsmith", "Lady Hagen", "MAXFLI", "Nishiki", "Primed", "Quest", "ScoreCard", "ScoreCard Rewards", "Tommy Armour", "Top-Flite", "The Sports Authority" and "Walter Hagen". The Company also has a number of registered domain names, including "dickssportinggoods.com", "dicks.com", "golfgalaxy.com", "fieldandstreamshop.com", "caliastudio.com", "bluesombrero.com", "gamechanger.com" and "affinity-sports.com". Our service marks, trademarks and other intellectual property are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed within Item 1A. "Risk Factors". We have also entered into licensing agreements for names that we do not own, which provide for exclusive rights to use names such as "adidas" (baseball and football), "Cobra" (youth golf sets), "Prince" (tennis), "Slazenger" (golf), "Louisville Slugger" (hosiery), and "Reebok" (performance apparel) for specified product categories and, in some cases, specified sales channels. Most of these licenses contemplate long-term business relationships, with substantial initial terms and the opportunity for multi-year extensions. These licenses contain customary termination provisions at the option of the licensor including, in some cases, termination upon our failure to purchase or sell a minimum volume of products and may include early termination fees. Our licenses are also subject to general risks and uncertainties common to licensing arrangements that are described within Item 1A. "Risk Factors". Governmental Regulations We must comply with various federal, state and local regulations, including regulations relating to consumer products and consumer protection, advertising and marketing, labor and employment, data protection and privacy, intellectual property, the environment and tax. In addition, in connection with the sale of firearms in our stores, we must comply with a number of federal and state laws and regulations related to the sale of firearms and ammunition, including the federal Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. Ensuring our compliance with these various laws and regulations, and keeping abreast of changes to the legal and regulatory landscape present in our industry, requires us to expend considerable resources. 7 Table of Contents Executive Officers of the Company The following table and accompanying narrative sets forth the name, age and business experience of the current Executive Officers of the Company: Name Age Position Edward W. Stack 64 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lauren R. Hobart 50 President Lee J. Belitsky 58 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer Paul J. Gaffney 52 Executive Vice President - Chief Technology Officer John E. Hayes III 56 Senior Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary Holly R. Tyson 47 Senior Vice President - Chief Human Resources Officer Edward W. Stack has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1984 when our founder and Mr. Stack's father, Richard "Dick" Stack, retired from our then two-store chain. Mr. Stack has served us full-time since 1977 in a variety of positions, including President, Store Manager and Merchandise Manager. Lauren R. Hobart has served as our President since May 2017 and was appointed to the Company's Board of Directors in January 2018. Ms. Hobart joined Dick's Sporting Goods in February 2011 as our Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. In September 2015, Ms. Hobart was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer and was promoted to Executive Vice President - Chief Customer & Digital Officer in April 2017. Prior to joining Dick's Sporting Goods, Ms. Hobart spent 14 years with PepsiCo, Inc., most recently serving as Chief Marketing Officer for its carbonated soft drink portfolio in the United States. During her career at PepsiCo, Ms. Hobart held several other significant marketing roles and also spent several years in strategic planning and finance. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Ms. Hobart worked in commercial banking for JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo Bank. Ms. Hobart formerly served as a member of the Board of Directors of Sonic Corp. (Nasdaq: SONC) from 2014 - 2018. Lee J. Belitsky became our Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer in September 2016. Mr. Belitsky joined Dick's Sporting Goods in 1997 as Vice President - Controller and has held a number of roles at Dick's Sporting Goods. From September 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Belitsky served as Executive Vice President - Product Development and Planning, Allocations and Replenishment; from July 2013 to September 2014, Mr. Belitsky served as Senior Vice President - Product Development; from September 2011 to July 2013, he served as Senior Vice President - Chief Risk and Compliance Officer; from January 2010 to September 2011, he served as Senior Vice President - Strategic Planning and Analysis and Treasury Services; from February 2009 to January 2010, he served as Senior Vice President - Store Operations and Distribution / Transportation; from April 2006 to February 2009, he served as Senior Vice President - Distribution and Transportation; from December 2005 to April 2006, he served as Vice President - Treasurer; and from December 1997 to December 2005, he served as Vice President - Controller. Prior to joining Dick's Sporting Goods, Mr. Belitsky was the Chief Financial Officer of Domain, Inc., a Boston-based home furnishings retailer. He also served as Vice President - Controller and Treasurer with Morse Shoe, Inc. and as an Audit Manager with KPMG LLP. Paul J. Gaffney joined Dick's Sporting Goods as Executive Vice President - Chief Technology Officer in November 2017. Prior to joining Dick's Sporting Goods, Mr. Gaffney served as Senior Vice President of Technology at The Home Depot, Inc. from August 2014 to November 2017. Prior to joining The Home Depot, Inc., Mr. Gaffney was the founding Chief Executive Officer of Keeps, Inc. from January 2014 to August 2014. Mr. Gaffney previously served as Chief Executive Officer of AAA of Northern California, Nevada, and Utah from October 2011 to October 2014, where he also served as Chief Operating Officer from June 2009 to October 2011. Mr. Gaffney held a variety of senior leadership roles in operations and technology at Desktone, Inc., Staples, Inc., Charles Schwab & Co., and Office Depot from 1995 to 2011. John E. Hayes III became our Senior Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary in January 2015. Prior to joining Dick's Sporting Goods, Mr. Hayes served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Coldwater Creek Inc. from February 2009 to September 2014. During his tenure with Coldwater Creek, Mr. Hayes also served as the Company's interim Chief Financial Officer from November 2009 to April 2010 and as Senior Vice President, Human Resources from April 2010 to May 2013. Prior to joining Coldwater Creek, Mr. Hayes was engaged for seventeen years in private law practice, most recently as a partner with Hogan & Hartson, LLP, from March 2003 to February 2009. Prior to his legal career, Mr. Hayes practiced as an accountant with KPMG LLP. 8 Table of Contents Holly R. Tyson joined Dick's Sporting Goods as Senior Vice President - Chief Human Resources Officer in August 2016. Prior to joining Dick's Sporting Goods, Ms. Tyson served as the Chief Human Resources Officer at The Brink's Company from January 2012 to August 2016. Prior to joining The Brink's Company, Ms. Tyson was Vice President Human Resources U.S. Pharmaceuticals at Bristol-Myers Squibb from January 2010 to January 2012. During her tenure there, Ms. Tyson also served as Executive Director Worldwide Pharmaceuticals Talent and U.S. Pharmaceuticals Sales Learning, Director Human Resources U.S. Pharmaceuticals Sales Learning, Director Human Resources Cardiovascular Metabolics and Director Leadership and Change from 2004 to 2010. Prior to her joining Bristol-Myers Squibb, Ms. Tyson held various human resources and organizational development leadership roles at Alliance Consulting, Cigna Corporation and Accenture from 1994 to 2004. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks and Uncertainties Intense competition in the sporting goods industry and in retail could limit our growth and reduce our profitability. The market for sporting goods retailers is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. Our current and prospective competitors include many large companies, some of which have greater market presence (both brick and mortar and online), name recognition and financial, marketing and other resources than we do. Further, the ability of consumers to compare prices in real-time through the use of smartphones and digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive pricing. We compete with retailers from multiple categories and in multiple channels, including large formats; traditional and specialty formats; mass merchants; department stores and catalog; internet-based and direct-sell retailers; and vendors that sell directly to customers. Many factors affect the extent to which competition could affect our results, including as it relates to pricing, quality, assortment, advertising, service, locations and reputation, and prolonged competitive pressures could have a material effect on our results of operations. Omni-channel growth in our business is complex and there are risks associated with operating our own eCommerce platform. Our business has become increasingly omni-channel as we strive to deliver a seamless shopping experience to our customers through both online and in-store shopping experiences. We utilize our own eCommerce platform that allows us to control our customer experience without relying on a single third-party provider. Maintaining and continuing to improve our eCommerce platform involves substantial investment of capital and resources, integrating a number of information and management systems from different vendors, increasing supply chain and distribution capabilities, attracting, developing and retaining qualified personnel with relevant subject matter expertise, and effectively managing and improving the customer experience. This involves substantial risk, including risk of cost overruns, website downtime and other technology disruptions (including interruptions, delays, or downtime caused by high volumes of users or transactions, deficiencies in design or implementation, platform enhancements, power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers or sophisticated organizations, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates), supply and distribution delays, and other issues that can affect the successful operation of our eCommerce platform. If we are not able to successfully operate or continually improve our eCommerce platform, our reputation, operations, financial results, and future growth could be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to predict or effectively react to changes in consumer demand or shopping patterns, we may lose customers and our sales may decline. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand, consumer preferences, and shopping patterns regarding sporting goods. We must develop and execute merchandising initiatives with marketing programs that appeal to a broad range of consumers and markets throughout the country. Consumer preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to continual change and evolution. Additionally, our customers may also have expectations about how they shop in stores or through eCommerce or more generally engage with businesses across different channels or media (through online and other digital or mobile channels or particular forms of social media), which may vary across demographics and may evolve rapidly. We often make commitments to purchase products from our vendors several months in advance of the proposed delivery, which may make it more difficult for us to adapt to changes in consumer preferences. Our sales may decline significantly if we misjudge the market for our new merchandise, which may result in significant merchandise markdowns and lower margins, missed opportunities for other products, or inventory write-downs, and could have a negative impact on our reputation and profitability. 9 Table of Contents Our private brand offerings and new specialty concept stores expose us to increased costs and certain additional risks. We offer our customers private brand products that are not available from other retailers. We expect to continue to grow our exclusive private brand offerings through a combination of brands that we own and brands that we exclusively license from third parties. From time-to-time, we also evaluate and operate new specialty concept stores, including, for example, our Field & Stream stores. We invest in our research, development and procurement resources and marketing efforts relating to these private brand offerings and new specialty concept stores. There is no assurance that our private brand products or any new specialty concept store will be successful, and we could curtail or abandon any of our private brands or specialty concept stores at any time. Factors that could cause us to curtail or abandon one of our private brands or specialty concept stores include unexpected or increased costs or delays in development of the brand, demands on management resources, legal or regulatory constraints, changes in consumer demands, preferences and shopping patterns regarding sporting goods, or a determination that consumer demand no longer supports the brand or retail concept. Additional risks relating to our private brand offerings include product liability and product recalls; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights (e.g., defending against counterfeit or otherwise unauthorized goods); our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; and our ability to successfully administer and comply with obligations under license agreements that we have with third-party licensors of certain brands. Our business is dependent on consumer discretionary spending and reductions in consumer spending might adversely affect the Company's business, operations, liquidity, financial results and stock price. Our business depends on consumer discretionary spending, and as a result, our results are highly dependent on U.S. consumer confidence and the health of the U.S. economy. Consumer spending may be affected by many factors outside of the Company's control, including general economic conditions; consumer disposable income; consumer confidence; unemployment; the availability, cost and level of consumer debt; the costs of basic necessities and other goods; and effects of weather or natural disasters. A decrease in consumer discretionary spending may result in a decrease in customer traffic, same store sales, and average value per transaction and might cause us to increase promotional activities, which will have a negative impact on our gross margins, and all of which could negatively affect the Company's business, operations, liquidity, financial results and/or stock price, particularly if consumer spending levels are depressed for a prolonged period of time. Harm to our reputation could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Negative publicity or perceptions involving the Company or our brands, products, vendors, spokespersons, or marketing and other partners may negatively impact our reputation and adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Failure to detect, prevent, or mitigate issues that might give rise to reputational risk or failure to adequately address negative publicity or perceptions could adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Issues that might pose a reputational risk include an inability to achieve our omni-channel goals, including providing an eCommerce and delivery experience that meets the expectations of consumers; failure of our cyber-security measures to protect against data breaches; product liability and product recalls; our social media activity; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; our policies related to the sale of firearms and accessories; public stances on controversial social or political issues; and any of the other risks enumerated in these risk factors. Furthermore, the prevalence of social media may accelerate and increase the potential scope of any negative publicity we might receive and could increase the negative impact of these issues on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, after the Company announced changes to its policy relating to the sale of firearms and accessories and announced its support for certain gun reform measures in the first quarter of 2018, the Company’s hunt business experienced an accelerated decline. An inability to execute our real estate strategy could affect our financial results. Our financial performance depends on our ability to optimize our store lease portfolio, including opening new stores and relocating existing stores in desirable locations, renewing leases for existing stores, restructuring leases for existing stores to obtain more favorable renewal terms, refreshing and remodeling existing stores, and, if necessary, closing underperforming stores. 10 Table of Contents There is no assurance that we will be able to locate desirable real estate for new stores or relocations of existing stores, or that an existing store will continue to be profitable in its current location. Additionally, our ability to negotiate favorable lease terms on a new store location or a relocation of an existing store, or in connection with an expiring lease, remodel, consolidation, or closing depends on conditions in the real estate market, competition for desirable properties, our relationships with current and prospective landlords, or other factors that are not within our control. We may incur lease costs that are excessive and cause operating margins to be below acceptable levels if we are unable to negotiate appropriate terms for new leases, relocations or extensions. We may also make term commitments that are too long or too short, without the option to exit early or extend. If an existing store is not profitable, we might be required to record an impairment charge and we may not be able to terminate the lease associated with the underperforming store. Our leases generally do not allow for termination prior to the end of the lease term without economic consequences; so, if we decide to close a store, we are generally required to continue to perform all obligations under the applicable lease, including the payment of rent, for the balance of the lease term and might also incur termination charges. Even if we are able to assign or sublease the closed locations where our lease cannot be terminated, we may remain liable for certain lease obligations if the assignee or sublessee does not perform. Furthermore, the success of our stores depends on a number of factors including the sustained success of the shopping center where the store is located, consumer demographics, and consumer shopping patterns. These factors cannot be predicted with complete accuracy and may change over time, resulting in potentially less profitable stores. There is no assurance that we will be able to reverse any decline in customer traffic or that increases in online sales will offset any decline in store traffic. We may need to respond to declines in customer traffic or conversion rates by increasing markdowns or promotions to attract customers, which could adversely impact our financial results. Failure to secure desirable new store locations and relocation sites, successfully renew or modify existing leases, or effectively manage the profitability of our existing stores could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. Our business relies on our distribution and fulfillment network and our customer support center. An inability to optimize this network or a disruption to the network, could cause us to lose merchandise, be unable to effectively deliver merchandise to our stores and customers, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We own a 917,000 square foot distribution center in Conklin, New York and a 624,000 square foot distribution center in Goodyear, Arizona. We lease a 914,000 square foot distribution center near Atlanta, Georgia, a 725,000 square foot distribution center in Plainfield, Indiana, and a 601,000 square foot distribution center in Smithton, Pennsylvania. We also own a 670,000 square foot customer support center in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania that serves as our corporate headquarters. We plan to open an eCommerce fulfillment center and an additional third-party logistics fulfillment site during the third quarter of fiscal 2019. The eCommerce fulfillment center will operate at the Conklin property identified above and the third-party logistics fulfillment site will be located in California. The ability to optimize our distribution and fulfillment network depends on general economic and real estate conditions which are beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain our existing distribution centers if the cost of the facilities increase or the location of a facility is no longer desirable. In those cases, we may not be able to locate suitable alternative sites or modify or enter into new leases on acceptable terms. Furthermore, we may need to locate new sites for eCommerce fulfillment centers to satisfy omni-channel demand. If we cannot locate suitable locations for these fulfillment centers on acceptable terms, we will need to rely on our store network, third-party operated fulfillment centers, our distribution centers, and vendors to help meet our fulfillment needs. An inability to optimize our distribution and fulfillment network, including the expiration of a lease or an unexpected lease termination at one of our facilities (without timely replacement of the applicable facility) or serious disruptions (including natural disasters) at any of these facilities or any delay in opening either of the new eCommerce fulfillment center might impair our ability to adequately stock our stores, process returns of products to vendors, and fulfill eCommerce orders at the speed expected by customers; increase costs associated with shipping and delivery; damage a material portion of our inventory; and otherwise negatively affect our operations, sales, profitability, and reputation. 11 Table of Contents Our strategic plans and initiatives may initially result in a negative impact on our financial results and such plans and initiatives may not achieve the desired results within the anticipated time frame or at all. Our ability to successfully implement and execute our strategic plans and initiatives is dependent on many factors, some of which are out of our control. In response to a number of challenging conditions in the retail market as a whole, we may increase promotional activities to drive market share to our stores and online. An increase in promotional activities, which will have a negative impact on our gross profit margin, may not achieve the desired results. We also plan to focus on long-term strategic investments, including investments in our digital capabilities, our eCommerce platform, improvements to the customer experience in our stores and online, our supply chain, enhancements to our Scorecard loyalty program, the continued development of our private brands and the Team Sports HQ business, and attracting and retaining knowledgeable and skilled associates and improving associate productivity. These longer-term strategies may require significant capital investment and management attention at the expense of other business initiatives. Additionally, any new initiative is subject to certain risks, including customer acceptance, competition, product differentiation, and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. For example, we plan to remove hunt merchandise from 125 Dick's Sporting Goods stores in 2019 where the category under-performs and is less relevant to the market. We plan to utilize this space for categories that are under-served based on the needs of the particular market. If we are not be able to successfully execute our strategic plans and initiatives to achieve the intended results in the anticipated time frame or at all, our results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. Additionally, failure to meet stockholder expectations, particularly with respect to earnings, sales, and operating margins could result in volatility in the market value of our stock. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information could harm the Company's business and standing with our customers. The protection of our customer, associate and Company data is critical. The Company receives confidential customer data, including payment card and personally identifiable information, in the normal course of customer transactions. While we have taken significant steps to protect customer and confidential information, the intentional or negligent actions of employees, business associates or third parties may undermine our security measures and result in unauthorized parties obtaining access to our data systems and misappropriating confidential data. There can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent a compromise of our customer transaction processing capabilities and personal data. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, disable, degrade, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. While we have no knowledge of any material data security breaches to date, any compromise of our data security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws or standards, significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of our insurance coverage, interruption of our operations, increased operating costs associated with remediation, equipment acquisitions or disposal, added personnel, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business or investor confidence. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information could attract a substantial amount of media attention, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of litigation and material liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. Our ability to operate and expand our business and to respond to changing business and economic conditions is dependent upon the availability of adequate capital. The terms of our senior secured revolving credit facility impose certain restrictions that may impair our ability to access sufficient capital. The operation and growth of our business, including opening new stores and expanding our eCommerce business, and our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions depend on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn depends on cash flow generated by our business and, if necessary, the availability of equity or debt capital. Our current senior secured revolving credit facility contains provisions that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or make substantial asset sales, which might otherwise be used to finance our operations. In the event of our insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, the lenders under our senior secured revolving credit facility would be entitled to payment in full from our assets before distributions, if any, were made to our stockholders. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, and if availability under our current senior secured revolving credit facility is not sufficient to meet our capital needs, we may have to obtain additional financing. We may not be able to obtain such refinancing or additional financing on favorable terms or at all. Our liquidity or access to capital could also be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in the financial markets and global economy. 12 Table of Contents We are subject to costs and risks associated with a complex regulatory, compliance and legal environment, including increased or changing laws and regulations affecting our business, particularly those relating to the sale of consumer products and firearms and ammunition, and those relating to data protection and privacy. We operate in a complex regulatory and legal environment that exposes us to compliance and litigation risks that could materially affect our operations and financial results. These laws may change, sometimes significantly and unexpectedly, as a result of political, economic or social events. Some of the federal, state or local laws and regulations that affect us include those relating to consumer products, product liability and consumer protection; eCommerce, data protection and privacy; advertisement and marketing; labor and employment; taxes, including changes to tax rates and new taxes, tariffs, and surcharges; firearms, ammunition, knives, food items or other regulated products; accounting, corporate governance and securities; custom or import; and intellectual property. In addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand, failure to comply with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations such as those outlined above may result in our being subject to claims, lawsuits, fines and adverse publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We depend on our suppliers, distributors and manufacturers to provide us with sufficient quantities of quality products in a timely fashion. In fiscal 2018, we purchased merchandise from approximately 1,200 vendors. Purchases from Nike represented approximately 19% of our total merchandise purchases. Although in fiscal 2018 purchases from no other vendor represented 10% or more of our total purchases, our dependence on suppliers involves risk. We might be unable to obtain merchandise that consumers demand in a timely manner if there are disruptions in our relationships with key suppliers, which could cause our revenue to materially decline. We generally do not have long-term written contracts with our suppliers that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise. Key vendors may fail to deliver on their commitments or fail to supply us with sufficient products that comply with our safety and quality standards, whether as a result of supply chain disruptions or other causes, or fail to continue to develop new products that create consumer demand. Furthermore, vendors increasingly sell their products directly to customers or through broadened or alternative distribution channels, such as department stores, family footwear stores, or eCommerce companies. Many of our suppliers also provide us with incentives, such as return privileges, volume purchasing allowances and cooperative advertising, which are not guaranteed. A decline or discontinuation of these incentives could reduce or eliminate our profit margins. We may be subject to various types of litigation and other claims, and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover damages related to those claims. From time-to-time the Company or its subsidiaries may be involved in lawsuits or other claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including those related to federal or state wage and hour laws, product liability, consumer protection, advertising, employment, intellectual property, tort, privacy and data protection, and other matters. We sell firearms and ammunition. These products are associated with an increased risk of injury and related lawsuits with respect to our compliance with Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives ("ATF") and state laws and regulations. Any improper or illegal use by our customers of ammunition or firearms sold by us could have a negative impact on our reputation and business. We may incur losses due to lawsuits, including potential class actions, relating to our performance of background checks on firearms purchases and compliance with other sales laws as mandated by state and federal law and related to our policies on the sale of firearms and ammunition. We may also incur losses from lawsuits relating to the improper use of firearms or ammunition sold by us, including lawsuits by municipalities or other organizations attempting to recover costs from manufacturers and retailers of firearms and ammunition. We may incur losses relating to claims filed against us, including costs associated with defending against such claims, and there is risk that any such claims or liabilities will exceed our insurance coverage, or affect our ability to retain adequate liability insurance in the future. Even if a claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any such assertions could adversely affect our reputation. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and other claims, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such matters. 13 Table of Contents If our product costs are adversely affected by foreign trade issues, currency exchange rate fluctuations, increasing prices for raw materials, political instability or other reasons, our sales and profitability may suffer. A significant portion of the products that we purchase, including those purchased from domestic suppliers, as well as most of our private brand merchandise, is manufactured abroad. Foreign imports subject us to risk relating to changes in import duties, quotas, the introduction of U.S. taxes on imported goods or the extension of U.S. income taxes on our foreign suppliers' sales of imported goods through the adoption of destination-based income tax jurisdiction, loss of "most favored nation" status with the U.S., shipment delays and shipping port constraints, labor strikes, work stoppages or other disruptions, freight cost increases and economic uncertainties. Furthermore, we could face significantly higher U.S. income and similar taxes with respect to sales of products purchased from foreign suppliers if the U.S. were to adopt a system of taxation, such as a border adjustment tax, under which the cost of imported products was not deductible in determining such products' tax base. If such a tax system were adopted, we could also face higher prices for products manufactured or produced abroad that we purchase from our domestic suppliers if they were subject to such a tax. In addition, the U.S. government periodically considers other restrictions on the importation of products obtained by our vendors and us. General trade tensions between the U.S. and China began escalating in 2018, with multiple rounds of U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods taking effect. Furthermore, China or other countries may institute retaliatory trade measures in response to existing or future tariffs imposed by the U.S. that could have a negative impact on our business. If any of these events continue as described, we may need to seek alternative suppliers or vendors, raise prices, or make changes to our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability, results of operations and financial condition. If any of these or other factors were to cause a disruption of trade from the countries in which our vendors' supplies or our private brand products' manufacturers are located, our inventory levels may be reduced or the cost of our products may increase. Additionally, we could be impacted by negative publicity or, in some cases, face potential liability to the extent that any foreign manufacturers from whom we directly or indirectly purchase products utilize labor, environmental, workplace safety and other practices that vary from those commonly accepted in the U.S. Also, the prices charged by foreign manufacturers may be affected by the fluctuation of their local currency against the U.S. dollar and the price of raw materials, which could cause the cost of our products to increase and negatively impact our sales or profitability. Our inability or failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any third parties claiming that we have infringed on their intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our operating results. Our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, domain names and other intellectual property, including exclusive licensing rights, are valuable assets that are critical to our success. Effective trademark and other intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products are manufactured or may be made available. The unauthorized reproduction or other misappropriation of our intellectual property could diminish the value of our brands or goodwill and cause a decline in our revenue. In addition, any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us could be time-consuming to address, result in costly litigation, cause product delays, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or result in our loss of ownership or use of the intellectual property. Problems with our information systems could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations. We utilize a number of third-party information systems for core system needs of our business. These systems, if not functioning properly, could disrupt our operations, including our ability to track, record and analyze the merchandise that we sell, process shipments of goods, process financial information or credit card transactions, deliver products or engage in similar normal business activities. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches (through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers or sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates. If our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our business operations. Any material disruption, malfunction or other similar problems in or with our core information systems could negatively impact our financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations. 14 Table of Contents We may be unable to attract, train, engage and retain key personnel and associates. Furthermore, the loss of Edward W. Stack as our key executive could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we do not continue to effectively implement our strategic and business-planning processes to attract, retain, train and develop key personnel and qualified employees in all areas of the organization, our business may suffer. In addition, stores depend significantly on our ability to hire and retain quality associates, including store managers and sales associates. The market for non-entry level personnel, particularly for associates with retail expertise, is highly competitive. We are also dependent on the associates who staff our distribution centers. Furthermore, our success depends on continued service from Edward W. Stack, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who has been operating the Company since 1984. Mr. Stack possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and challenges facing the Company and the industry. If Mr. Stack no longer served a role in the Company, our business could be materially adversely affected. Wage increases could adversely affect our financial results. Recently, various legislative movements have sought to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States and the minimum wage in a number of individual states, some of which have been successful at the state level. As federal or state minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our other hourly employees as well. Further, should we fail to increase our wages competitively in response to increasing wage rates, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our customer service to suffer. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating costs, financial condition and results of operations. Poor performance of professional sports teams within our core regions of operation, as well as league-wide lockouts or strikes, retirement of or serious injury to key athletes or scandals involving such athletes could adversely affect our financial results. We sell a significant amount of professional sports team merchandise, the success of which may be subject to fluctuations based on the success or failure of such teams or their key players. Poor performance by the professional sports teams within our core regions of operations, as well as league-wide lockouts or strikes, could cause our financial results to fluctuate year over year. In addition, to the extent we use individual athletes to market our products and advertise our stores or we sell merchandise branded by one or more athletes, the retirement or injury of such athletes or scandals in which they might be implicated could negatively impact our financial results. The relative seasonality of our operations, along with the current geographic concentrations of our Dick's stores, exposes us to certain risks. Our business is largely seasonal based on sports seasons and the holiday selling season. Furthermore, a majority of our Dick's Sporting Goods stores are located in the eastern half of the United States, which exposes us to various regional risks, including those relating to weather conditions. Many of our stores are located in geographic areas that experience seasonally cold weather, and we sell a significant amount of cold weather sporting goods and apparel. Our highest sales and operating income results historically occur during our fourth fiscal quarter, which is due, in part, to the holiday selling season and, in part, to our strong sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel. Poor performance during our fourth quarter, whether because of a slow holiday selling season, unseasonable weather conditions, economic conditions or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results for the entire fiscal year. Additionally, abnormally wet or cold weather in the spring or summer months could reduce our sales of golf, team sports or other merchandise and cause a decrease in our profitability. 15 Table of Contents We may pursue strategic alliances, acquisitions or investments and the failure of an alliance, acquisition or investment to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business. We may from time-to-time acquire or invest in complementary companies or businesses. The success of acquisitions or investments is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration and other factors relating to such businesses. There can be no assurance that our acquisitions or investments will produce the anticipated results within the expected time frame or at all. Furthermore, acquisitions may result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill or other intangibles, any of which could harm our financial condition. We also may not be able to successfully integrate operations that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, supply chain and other operations, which could adversely affect our business. Acquisitions may also result in the diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. We are controlled by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and his relatives, whose interests may differ from other stockholders. As of February 2, 2019, Mr. Edward W. Stack, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and his relatives controlled a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and Class B common stock and would control the outcome of a vote on any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to our stockholders for approval. The interests of Mr. Stack and his relatives may differ from the interests of our other stockholders and they may take actions with which our other stockholders disagree. Our anti-takeover provisions could prevent or delay a change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include: authorizing the issuance of Class B common stock; classifying the Board of Directors such that approximately one-third of directors are elected each year; authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; prohibiting the use of cumulative voting for the election of directors; prohibiting stockholder action by partial written consent and requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders or by unanimous written consent if our Class B common stock is no longer outstanding; and establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters to be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. In addition, the Delaware General Corporation Law, to which we are subject, prohibits us, except under specified circumstances, from engaging in any mergers, significant sales of stock or assets or business combinations with any stockholder or group of stockholders who owns 15% or more of our common stock. We cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program. Although our Board of Directors has indicated an intention to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determination to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and the continuing determination from our Board of Directors that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. Furthermore, although our Board of Directors has authorized a five-year $1 billion share repurchase program, we are not obligated to make any purchases under the program and we may discontinue it at any time.