Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 17 Item 2. Properties 18 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 20 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 Part II 21 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 21 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 23 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 35 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 36 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 36 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 36 Item 9B. Other Information 38 Part III 38 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 38 Item 11. Executive Compensation 38 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 39 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 39 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 39 Part IV 40 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 40 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 70 SIGNATURES 75 2 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements We caution that any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or made by our management involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various important factors, many of which may be beyond our control. Accordingly, our future performance and financial results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such forward-looking statements. Investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. These statements can be identified as those that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or advancements and by forward-looking words such as “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “estimate”, “predict”, “intend”, “plan”, “project”, “goal”, “will”, “will be”, “will continue”, “will result”, “could”, “may”, “might” or any variations of such words or other words with similar meanings. Forward-looking statements address, among other things, the anticipated impact to consumer demand and our supply chain due to the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19); investments to enhance our store experience, to improve our eCommerce fulfillment capabilities, and to implement technology solutions that improve the athlete experience and our teammates’ productivity; the continued improvements to the functionality and performance of our own eCommerce platform, including faster and more reliable delivery, faster and more convenient checkout, improved page responsiveness, new content development, and localized website experiences; plans to invest in the growth and marketing of our private brand business; plans to eliminate non-essential expenses to fund strategic investments; plans to reduce our store growth rate and leverage our real estate portfolio to capitalize on future opportunities in the near and intermediate term as our existing leases come up for renewal; plans to remove hunt merchandise from approximately 440 additional DICK’S Sporting Goods stores and replace with merchandise that is more relevant to the local market; the potential impact of the continuation of the promotional environment in retail, broadened distribution channels of key vendors, and weak customer demand for firearms and other hunting merchandise across the industry; attracting and retaining knowledgeable and skilled teammates; projections of our future profitability; the effect of new or changes in existing tariffs; capital expenditures; anticipated store openings and relocations; plans to return capital to stockholders through dividends or share repurchases; and our future results of operation and financial condition. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled “Risk Factors” (Item 1A of this Form 10-K). In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment; therefore, new risk factors can arise, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor to assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any individual risk factor, or combination of risk factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of this date. We do not assume any obligation and do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise except as may be required by the securities laws. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, referred to as “the Company”, “we”, “us” and “our” unless specified otherwise) is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories through its dedicated teammates, in-store services and unique specialty shop-in-shops. We also own and operate Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream stores, as well as GameChanger, a youth sports mobile app for scheduling, communications and live scorekeeping. In addition, we offer our products through a content-rich eCommerce platform that is integrated with our store network and provides customers with the convenience and expertise of a 24-hour storefront. We were founded in 1948 when Richard “Dick” Stack, the father of Edward W. Stack, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, opened his original bait and tackle store in Binghamton, New York. Edward W. Stack joined his father's business full-time in 1977 and in 1984 became President and Chief Executive Officer of the then two-store chain. Our vision is to be the best sports company in the world; our mission is to create an environment where passionate and skilled teammates thrive, to create and build leading brands that serve and inspire athletes, to make a lasting impression on communities through sport and to deliver shareholder value through growth and relentless improvement. Our common purpose is to create confidence and excitement by personally equipping all athletes to achieve their dreams. 3 Table of Contents We were incorporated in 1948 in New York under the name Dick’s Clothing and Sporting Goods, Inc. In November 1997, we reincorporated as a Delaware corporation and in April 1999 we changed our name to DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. Our executive office is located at 345 Court Street, Coraopolis, Pennsylvania 15108 and our phone number is (724) 273-3400. Our website is located at dicks.com. The information on our website does not constitute a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We include on our website, free of charge, copies of our Annual and Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified, any reference to “year” is to the Company’s fiscal year. Business Strategy The key elements of our business strategy are: Focus on Our Athletes Our first priority is to put our customers, whom we refer to as athletes, at the center of everything that we do. We believe that our mindset and our culture must ensure that every decision we make, whether in our stores or at our corporate headquarters, which we refer to as our Customer Support Center (“CSC”), improves the athlete’s experience. We will continue to make investments related to merchandise presentation, space optimization and technology solutions designed to enhance the in-store and eCommerce experience for our athletes as well as teammate productivity. Our marketing program is designed to build loyalty for the DICK’S Sporting Goods brand while promoting our broad assortment of brand name sporting goods equipment, apparel and footwear in a specialty store environment. Our historical marketing strategy consisted largely of newspaper advertising supplemented by direct mail and seasonal use of local and national television and radio. While we continue to market through these traditional channels, we have more recently developed brand-building marketing campaigns focused on building passion and loyalty to the DICK’S Sporting Goods brand and have shifted our advertising focus toward digital marketing and personalization. We continue to leverage our extensive and expanding customer relationship marketing database from our ScoreCard Rewards program and to grow our community presence through the sponsorship of thousands of teams and leagues at the local level. We continue to offer our Best Price Guarantee as a promise to our athletes that if they find a lower price than ours, we will match it. We also continue to enhance our ScoreCard loyalty program to make it more rewarding to our athletes. At the end of fiscal 2017, we discontinued our practice of expiring accrued ScoreCard points at year-end and moved to a rolling 12-month expiration policy. Additionally, in October 2019 we launched ScoreCard Gold, an enhancement to our loyalty program targeting our top-tier athletes. The benefits of ScoreCard Gold include more ways to earn ScoreCard points and member-only benefits, including early access to sales and product launches. We believe that our ongoing changes and enhancements to our ScoreCard loyalty program will reduce frustration among our athletes, provide us an opportunity to drive athletes back to us after they earn points by shopping with us and drive deeper levels of engagement with our most loyal athletes. Authentic Sporting Goods Retailer Our history as a retailer of high-quality authentic athletic equipment, apparel and footwear provides our core foundation, which is intended to enhance our athletes’ performance and enjoyment of athletic pursuits, rather than focusing our merchandise selection on the latest fashion trend or style. We believe our athletes seek genuine, deep product offerings, and that ultimately this merchandising approach positions us with advantages in the market, which we believe will continue to benefit from new product offerings with enhanced technological features. Our objective is not only to carry leading brands, but also to carry a full range of products within each category, including premium items for the sports enthusiast. We believe that the breadth of our product selections in each category of sporting goods offers our athletes a wide range of good, better and best price points and enables us to address the needs of sporting goods consumers, from the beginner to the sports enthusiast, which distinguishes us from other large format sporting goods stores. We also believe that the range of merchandise and extensive in-store support services that we offer allows us to differentiate and compete effectively against all of our competitors, from traditional independent sporting goods stores and specialty shops to other large format sporting goods stores and mass merchant discount and internet-based retailers. Drive Omni-channel Growth Our stores remain at the core of our omni-channel business. We believe that when our athletes connect with the DICK’S Sporting Goods brand, they expect a seamless shopping experience, regardless of the manner in which they choose to shop with us. We continue to see growth in the number of athletes who shop with us both online and in our stores, which we believe represents the future of retail. 4 Table of Contents We continually improve the functionality and performance of our eCommerce site, which includes building a faster and more convenient checkout, improved page responsiveness, new content development through our Pro Tips platform and delivering localized website experiences. In addition, we have improved our eCommerce fulfillment capabilities by opening two new eCommerce fulfillment centers in New York and California during the third quarter of fiscal 2019, which along with our new delivery partnership with FedEx helped reduce the in-transit time for the majority of our online orders to two business days by the end of fiscal 2019. Like our athletes, we view retail as an omni-channel experience, where the distinctions between stores and online are becoming increasingly irrelevant. We believe our store base gives us a competitive advantage over our online-only competitors, as our physical presence allows us to better serve our athletes by creating strong engagement through experiential elements, offering the convenience of accepting in-store returns or exchanges and expediting fulfillment of eCommerce orders, the ability to place online orders in our stores if we are out of stock in the retail store, buy online pick up in store capabilities, and giving direct, live access to well-trained and knowledgeable teammates. We believe that offering support services for the products we sell enhances the credibility of our teammates and specialty store concepts with our customers and further differentiates our stores from our competitors. Differentiating DICK’S Sporting Goods Our key partners invest in our stores to showcase their brands. We carry a wide variety of well-known brands, including adidas, Asics, Brooks, Callaway Golf, Columbia, Easton, Nike, Patagonia, TaylorMade, The North Face, Titleist, Under Armour and Yeti. We seek to leverage our partnerships to offer authenticity and credibility to our customers, while differentiating ourselves from our competitors. Our brand partnerships also provide us with access to exclusive products and allow us to differentiate our athletes’ shopping experience through initiatives such as our brand shops, which provide our athletes with a wider and deeper selection of products from key brands. To provide differentiation in assortment of products, we also offer a wide variety of private brand products that are not available from other retailers. Our exclusive private brand offerings include brands that we own such as Alpine Design, CALIA, DSG, ETHOS, Field & Stream, Fitness Gear, Lady Hagen, MAXFLI, Nishiki, Quest, Second Skin, Tommy Armour, Top-Flite and Walter Hagen, as well as brands that we license from third parties including adidas (baseball and football), Slazenger (golf) and Prince (tennis). Our private brands offer exceptional value and quality to our athletes, while also providing us with higher gross margins as compared to sales of similar third-party branded products. We consider our private brand strategy to be a key area of opportunity to increase productivity in our stores and online, and we have invested in a research, development and procurement staff to support our private brand business. During fiscal 2019, we launched DSG, a new high-quality value-oriented performance brand across men’s, women’s and children’s athletic apparel. Looking forward, we intend to grow the DSG brand and elevate the CALIA women’s athletic apparel brand. Collectively, our private brands comprise our second largest brand in terms of sales, representing approximately 14% of our consolidated net sales during each of fiscal 2019 and 2018. Investing in Youth Sports We are actively involved in local communities, sponsoring thousands of teams in various sports and supporting the philanthropic efforts of our private corporate foundation, The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation. In partnership with The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation, in 2014, we launched our Sports Matter initiative, a philanthropic effort singularly focused on supporting youth sports. Through Sports Matter, we remain committed to raising awareness of the importance of playing sports, while also providing financial support to keep our kids playing the sports they love. Since the establishment of the Sports Matter initiative, the Company and The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation have committed over $100 million to keep kids playing sports, helping save thousands of youth sports teams and giving more than one million young athletes across all 50 states the chance to play. 5 Table of Contents Merchandising The following table sets forth the approximate percentage of our sales attributable to the following categories for the fiscal years presented: Fiscal Year Category 2019 2018 2017 Hardlines (1) 42 % 43 % 45 % Apparel 35 % 35 % 34 % Footwear 21 % 20 % 20 % Other (2) 2 % 2 % 1 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % 1. Includes items such as sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, golf equipment and hunting and fishing gear. 2. Includes our non-merchandise sales categories, including in-store services, shipping revenues and credit card processing revenues. Segment information is further described within Note 1 of Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Selling Channels We offer products to our athletes through our retail stores and online, and although we sell through both of these channels, we believe that sales in one channel are not independent of the other. Regardless of the sales channel, we seek to provide our athletes with a seamless omni-channel shopping experience. Retail Stores: Store Format. Our DICK’S Sporting Goods, Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream stores are designed to create an exciting and interactive shopping environment for the sporting enthusiast that highlights our extensive product assortments and value-added services. Each of our DICK’S Sporting Goods stores unites several sports specialty stores under one roof and typically contains the following specialty shops: Team Sports, Athletic Apparel, Golf, Outdoor Lodge, Fitness and Footwear. We believe our “store-within-a-store” concept creates a unique shopping environment by combining the convenience, broad assortment and competitive prices of large format stores with the brand names, deep product selection and customer service of a specialty store. We monitor and evaluate store performance on an ongoing basis and reallocate space in our stores to categories and products that we believe can drive sales growth. For example, we removed the hunt department from approximately 135 DICK’S Sporting Goods stores through the end of fiscal 2019 and plan to remove the hunt department from approximately 440 additional DICK’S Sporting Goods stores in fiscal 2020. We seek to expand our presence through the opening of new stores and believe that growing our store network and eCommerce business simultaneously will enable us to profitably grow the business by delivering an omni-channel shopping experience for our athletes. We plan to continue a reduced rate of store growth compared to historical levels as we monitor the competitive retail landscape and expect to focus our store growth in under-served and under-penetrated markets. In fiscal 2020, we expect to open approximately nine new DICK’S Sporting Goods stores and six new Golf Galaxy stores. Additionally, we plan to relocate 14 DICK’S Sporting Goods stores and three Golf Galaxy stores. We do not plan to open any new Field & Stream stores in 2020. Approximately two-thirds of our DICK’S Sporting Goods stores will be up for lease renewal at our option over the next five years, and we plan to leverage the significant flexibility within our existing real estate portfolio to capitalize on future real estate opportunities over the near and intermediate terms as these leases come up for renewal. eCommerce: Through our websites, we seek to provide our athletes with in-depth product information and the ability to shop with us at any time. As the lines between in-store and online are becoming increasingly seamless, in recent years, we have continued to innovate our eCommerce sites and applications with customer experience enhancements, new releases of our mobile and tablet apps, and the development of omni-channel capabilities that integrate our online presence with our brick and mortar stores to provide our athletes with an omni-channel shopping experience. Currently, we have return-to-store capabilities for online orders, the ability to place online orders in our stores if we are out of stock in the retail store and buy online pick up in store capabilities. Our websites also give us the ability to ship online orders from our retail locations, which reduces delivery times for online orders and improves inventory productivity. In fiscal 2019, eCommerce accounted for approximately 16% of our total net sales. In addition, we saw significant growth in our buy online pick up in store business, as it grew at twice the rate of our online business during the year. 6 Table of Contents Purchasing, Distribution and Customer Fulfillment During fiscal 2019, we purchased merchandise from approximately 1,200 vendors. Nike, our largest vendor, represented approximately 21% of our merchandise purchases. No other vendor represented 10% or more of our fiscal 2019 merchandise purchases. We do not have long-term purchase contracts with any of our vendors; all of our purchases from vendors are made on a short-term purchase order basis. We currently operate five regional distribution centers which enable us to supply stores with merchandise. Vendors ship floor-ready merchandise to our distribution centers, where it is processed and allocated directly to our stores or stored temporarily. Our distribution centers are responsible for consolidating damaged or defective merchandise from our stores that is being returned to vendors. We have contracted with common carriers to deliver merchandise from all of our distribution centers to our stores. During fiscal 2019, our stores received approximately 92% of merchandise through our distribution network with the remaining merchandise being shipped directly to the stores from our vendors. We believe this flow of merchandise facilitates prompt and efficient distribution to our stores in order to enhance in-stocks, minimize freight costs and improve inventory turnover. We leverage our store and distribution center network, three eCommerce fulfillment centers (one owned and two operated by a third-party) and direct shipping capabilities from our vendors to ensure merchandise delivery speed to our athletes and to minimize shipping costs. Competition The market for sporting goods retailers is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. We compete with many retailing formats, including large format sporting goods stores, traditional sporting goods stores, specialty and vendor stores, mass merchants and department stores, internet and catalog-based retailers, and vendors selling directly to consumers. We seek to attract athletes by offering a wide range of products utilizing distinctive marketing in stores to create a unique shopping environment and superior service through an omni-channel experience. Employees As of February 1, 2020, we employed approximately 15,300 full-time and 26,300 part-time teammates. Due to the seasonal nature of our business, total employment figures fluctuate throughout the year and typically peak during the fourth quarter. None of our teammates are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that we have a good relationship with our teammates. Seasonality Seasonality of our business is discussed in further detail within Item 1A. “Risk Factors”. Proprietary Rights We have a number of service marks and trademarks registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, including various versions of the following: “Alpine Design”, “CALIA”, “DICK’S”, “DICK’S Sporting Goods”, “DSG”, “ETHOS”, “Field & Stream”, “Fitness Gear”, “Golf Galaxy”, “Golfsmith”, “Lady Hagen”, “MAXFLI”, “Nishiki”, “Primed”, “Quest”, “ScoreCard”, “ScoreCard Rewards”, “Tommy Armour”, “Top-Flite”, “The Sports Authority” and “Walter Hagen”. We also have a number of registered domain names, including “dickssportinggoods.com”, “dicks.com”, “golfgalaxy.com”, “fieldandstreamshop.com”, “calia.com” and “gamechanger.com”. Our service marks, trademarks and other intellectual property are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed within Item 1A. “Risk Factors”. We have also entered into licensing agreements for names that we do not own, which provide for exclusive rights to use names such as “adidas” (baseball and football), “Prince” (tennis), and “Slazenger” (golf) for specified product categories and, in some cases, specified sales channels. Most of these licenses contemplate long-term business relationships, with substantial initial terms and the opportunity for multi-year extensions. These licenses contain customary termination provisions at the option of the licensor including, in some cases, termination upon our failure to purchase or sell a minimum volume of products and may include early termination fees. Our licenses are also subject to general risks and uncertainties common to licensing arrangements that are described within Item 1A. “Risk Factors”. Governmental Regulations We must comply with various federal, state and local regulations, including regulations relating to consumer products and consumer protection, advertising and marketing, labor and employment, data protection and privacy, intellectual property, the environment and tax. In addition, in connection with the sale of firearms in our stores, we must comply with a number of federal and state laws and regulations related to the sale of firearms and ammunition, including the federal Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. Ensuring our compliance with these various laws and regulations, and keeping abreast of changes to the legal and regulatory landscape present in our industry, requires us to expend considerable resources. 7 Table of Contents Information About Our Executive Officers The following table and accompanying narrative sets forth the name, age and business experience of our current Executive Officers: Name Age Position Edward W. Stack 65 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lauren R. Hobart 51 President Lee J. Belitsky 59 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer Donald J. Germano 56 Executive Vice President - Stores Navdeep Gupta 47 Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Accounting Officer John E. Hayes III 57 Senior Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary Edward W. Stack has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1984 when his father and our founder, Richard “Dick” Stack, retired from our then two-store chain. Mr. Stack has served us full-time since 1977 in a variety of positions, including President, Store Manager and Merchandise Manager. Lauren R. Hobart has served as our President since May 2017 and was appointed to the Company’s Board of Directors in January 2018. Ms. Hobart joined DICK’S Sporting Goods in February 2011 as our Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. In September 2015, Ms. Hobart was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer and in April 2017 to Executive Vice President - Chief Customer & Digital Officer. Prior to joining DICK’S Sporting Goods, Ms. Hobart spent 14 years with PepsiCo, Inc., most recently serving as Chief Marketing Officer for its carbonated soft drink portfolio in the United States. During her career at PepsiCo, Ms. Hobart held several other significant marketing roles and also spent several years in strategic planning and finance. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Ms. Hobart worked in commercial banking for JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo Bank. Ms. Hobart formerly served as a member of the Board of Directors of Sonic Corp. (Nasdaq: SONC) from 2014 - 2018. Lee J. Belitsky became our Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer in September 2016. Mr. Belitsky joined DICK’S Sporting Goods in 1997 as Vice President - Controller and has held a number of roles at DICK’S Sporting Goods. From September 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Belitsky served as Executive Vice President - Product Development and Planning, Allocations and Replenishment; from July 2013 to September 2014, Mr. Belitsky served as Senior Vice President - Product Development; from September 2011 to July 2013, he served as Senior Vice President - Chief Risk and Compliance Officer; from January 2010 to September 2011, he served as Senior Vice President - Strategic Planning and Analysis and Treasury Services; from February 2009 to January 2010, he served as Senior Vice President - Store Operations and Distribution / Transportation; from April 2006 to February 2009, he served as Senior Vice President - Distribution and Transportation; from December 2005 to April 2006, he served as Vice President - Treasurer; and from December 1997 to December 2005, he served as Vice President - Controller. Prior to joining DICK’S Sporting Goods, Mr. Belitsky was the Chief Financial Officer of Domain, Inc., a Boston-based home furnishings retailer. He also served as Vice President - Controller and Treasurer with Morse Shoe, Inc. and as an Audit Manager with KPMG LLP. Donald J. Germano became our Executive Vice President - Stores in June 2019. Mr. Germano served as our Senior Vice President - Operations from May 2017 to June 2019. Mr. Germano rejoined our organization in May 2017 after previously leading our stores as Senior Vice President - Operations from 2010 - 2013. Prior to rejoining the Company, Mr. Germano served as President of the Follett Higher Education Group from 2013 to 2016. Prior to his time at DICK’S Sporting Goods, he held a number of leadership positions at Sears Holdings, Kmart Corporation, Kozmo.com, Nabisco, and UPS. Navdeep Gupta became our Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Accounting Officer in November 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Gupta most recently served as the Senior Vice President of Finance at Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Mr. Gupta held numerous leadership roles during his tenure with Advance Auto Parts, Inc. from 2006 to 2017, including Chief Audit Executive, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, and Director of Finance. Previously, Mr. Gupta held management roles at Sprint Nextel Corporation (now known as Sprint Corporation). John E. Hayes III became our Senior Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary in January 2015. Prior to joining DICK’S Sporting Goods, Mr. Hayes served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Coldwater Creek Inc. from February 2009 to September 2014. During his tenure with Coldwater Creek, Mr. Hayes also served as the Company’s interim Chief Financial Officer from November 2009 to April 2010 and as Senior Vice President, Human Resources from April 2010 to May 2013. Prior to joining Coldwater Creek, Mr. Hayes was engaged for seventeen years in private law practice, most recently as a partner with Hogan & Hartson, LLP, from March 2003 to February 2009. Prior to his legal career, Mr. Hayes practiced as an accountant with KPMG LLP. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks and Uncertainties Our business is dependent on consumer discretionary spending and reductions in consumer spending might adversely affect the Company’s business, operations, liquidity, financial results and stock price. Our business depends on consumer discretionary spending, and as a result, our results are highly dependent on U.S. consumer confidence and the health of the U.S. economy. Consumer spending may be affected by many factors outside of the Company’s control, including general economic conditions; consumer disposable income; consumer confidence; wage and unemployment levels; the availability, cost and level of consumer debt and inflationary pressures; the costs of basic necessities and other goods; effects of weather and natural disasters, whether caused by climate change or otherwise; and epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks, and other public health concerns (for example, the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19). See the Industry Challenges within Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the potential impact of COVID-19. A decrease in consumer discretionary spending may result in a decrease in customer traffic, same store sales, and average value per transaction and might cause us to increase promotional activities, which will have a negative impact on our gross margins, and all of which could negatively affect the Company’s business, operations, liquidity, financial results and/or stock price, particularly if consumer spending levels are depressed for a prolonged period of time. Intense competition in the sporting goods industry and in retail could limit our growth and reduce our profitability. The market for sporting goods retailers is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. Our current and prospective competitors include many large companies, some of which have greater market presence (both brick and mortar and online), name recognition and financial, marketing and other resources than we do. Further, the ability of consumers to compare prices in real-time through the use of smartphones and digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive pricing. We compete with retailers from multiple categories and in multiple channels, including large formats; traditional and specialty formats; mass merchants; department stores and catalog; internet-based and direct-sell retailers; and vendors that sell directly to customers. An inability to respond to competitive pressures could have a material effect on our results of operations or reputation. Our responses to competitive pressures could also have a material effect on our results or reputation, including as it relates to pricing, quality, assortment, advertising, service, locations, and online and in-store shopping experiences. If we are unable to predict or effectively react to changes in consumer demand or shopping patterns, we may lose customers and our sales may decline. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand, preferences, and shopping patterns, which cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to continual change and evolution. Our business has become increasingly omni-channel as we strive to deliver a seamless shopping experience to our customers through both online and in-store shopping experiences. For example, we must meet customers’ expectations with respect to, among other things, creating appealing and consistent online experiences; offering differentiated and premium products and regionally relevant products; delivering elevated customer service; and providing desirable in-store experiences, fast and reliable delivery, and convenient return options. We must also develop and execute merchandising initiatives with marketing programs that appeal to a broad range of consumers and markets throughout the country. Our customers have expectations about how they shop in stores or through eCommerce or more generally engage with businesses across different channels or media (through online and other digital or mobile channels or particular forms of social media), which may vary across demographics and may evolve rapidly. We often make commitments to purchase products from our vendors several months in advance of the proposed delivery, which may make it more difficult for us to adapt to changes in consumer preferences. Our sales may decline significantly if we misjudge the market for our new merchandise, which may result in significant merchandise markdowns and lower margins, missed opportunities for other products, or inventory write-downs, and could have a negative impact on our reputation and profitability. Changes in consumer shopping habits, including decreases in traffic at retail locations and traditional shopping centers, financial difficulties of other retail tenants and other shopping center vacancy issues, could lead to a decline in our financial condition. 9 Table of Contents Omni-channel growth in our business is complex and there are risks associated with operating our own eCommerce platform. We have developed an internal eCommerce platform that allows us to improve the functionality and performance of our website and to have more control over the customer experience with less reliance on third parties. Maintaining and continuing to improve our eCommerce platform involves substantial investment of capital and resources, integrating a number of information and management systems from different vendors, increasing supply chain and distribution capabilities, attracting, developing and retaining qualified personnel with relevant subject matter expertise, and effectively managing and improving the customer experience. This involves substantial risk, including risk of cost overruns, website downtime and other technology disruptions, supply and distribution delays, and other issues that can affect the successful operation of our eCommerce platform. Technological disruptions can result from a number of sources, including interruptions, delays, or downtime caused by high volumes of users or transactions, deficiencies in design or implementation, platform enhancements, power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, ransomware or other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers or sophisticated organizations, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates. If we are not able to successfully operate and continually improve our eCommerce platform and customer experience, our reputation, operations, financial results, and future growth could be materially adversely affected. Our private brand offerings and new specialty concept stores expose us to increased costs and certain additional risks. We offer our customers private brand products that are not available from other retailers. We expect to continue to grow our exclusive private brand offerings through a combination of brands that we own and brands that we exclusively license from third parties. From time-to-time, we also evaluate, roll-out, and operate new specialty concept stores, including, for example, our Field & Stream stores. We invest considerable research, development and procurement resources and marketing efforts relating to these private brand offerings and new specialty concept stores. There is no assurance that our private brand products or any new specialty concept store will be successful. Consequently, we might curtail or abandon any of our private brands or specialty concept stores at any time which could result in asset impairments and inventory write-downs. For example, see the Overview within Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the results of the strategic review of our hunting business, including Field & Stream. Factors that could cause us to curtail or abandon one of our private brands or specialty concept stores include unexpected or increased costs or delays in development of the brand, excessive demands on management resources, legal or regulatory constraints, changes in consumer demands, preferences and shopping patterns regarding sporting goods, or a determination that consumer demand no longer supports the brand or retail concept. Additional risks relating to our private brand offerings include product liability and product recalls; increasing costs for labor or raw materials used to manufacture products; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights (e.g., defending against counterfeit or otherwise unauthorized goods); our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; and our ability to successfully administer and comply with obligations under license agreements that we have with third-party licensors of certain brands. Harm to our reputation could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Negative publicity or perceptions involving the Company or our brands, products, vendors, spokespersons, or marketing and other partners may negatively impact our reputation and adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Failure to detect, prevent, or mitigate issues that might give rise to reputational risk or failure to adequately address negative publicity or perceptions could adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Issues that might pose a reputational risk include an inability to provide an omni-channel experience that meets the expectations of consumers; failure of our cyber-security measures to protect against data breaches; product liability, product recalls, and product boycotts; our social media activity; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; our policies related to the sale of firearms and accessories; public stances on controversial social or political issues; product sponsorship relationships, including those with celebrity spokespersons, influencers or group affiliations; and any of the other risks enumerated in these risk factors. Furthermore, the prevalence of social media may accelerate and increase the potential scope of any negative publicity we might receive and could increase the negative impact of these issues on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 10 Table of Contents Our strategic plans and initiatives may initially result in a negative impact on our financial results and such plans and initiatives may not achieve the desired results within the anticipated time frame or at all. Our ability to successfully implement and execute our strategic plans and initiatives is dependent on many factors, some of which are out of our control. To respond to challenging conditions in the retail market as a whole, we may increase promotional activities to drive market share to our stores and online. However, increased promotional activities may not achieve the desired results and will have a negative impact on our gross profit margin. We are also focused on certain long-term strategic investments, including investments in our digital capabilities, our eCommerce platform, improvements to the customer experience in our stores and online, our supply chain, enhancements to our Scorecard loyalty program, the continued development of our private brands, and improving associate productivity. These longer-term strategies may require significant capital investment and management attention at the expense of other business initiatives and may take longer than anticipated to achieve the desired return. Additionally, any new initiative is subject to certain risks, including customer acceptance, competition, product differentiation, and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to support the initiative. For example, we have removed hunt category merchandise from approximately 135 DICK’S Sporting Goods stores through the end of fiscal 2019 and reallocated the space in these stores to a localized assortment of categories and products in an effort to drive growth. In fiscal 2020, we plan to remove the hunt department from approximately 440 additional DICK’S Sporting Goods stores, which would leave the hunt department in 12% of our remaining stores. If we are not able to successfully execute our strategic plans and initiatives to achieve the intended results in the anticipated time frame or at all, our results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. Failure to meet stockholder expectations, particularly with respect to earnings, sales, and operating margins, could also result in volatility in the market value of our stock. An inability to execute our real estate strategy could affect our financial results. Our financial performance depends on our ability to optimize our store lease portfolio, including opening new stores and relocating existing stores in desirable locations, renewing leases for existing stores, restructuring leases for existing stores to obtain more favorable renewal terms, refreshing and remodeling existing stores, and, if necessary, closing underperforming stores. There is no assurance that we will be able to locate desirable real estate for new stores or relocations of existing stores, or that an existing store will continue to be profitable in its current location. Additionally, our ability to negotiate favorable lease terms on a new store location or a relocation of an existing store, or in connection with an expiring lease, remodel, consolidation, or closing depends on conditions in the real estate market, competition for desirable properties, our relationships with current and prospective landlords, and other factors that are not within our control. We may incur lease costs that are excessive and cause operating margins to be below acceptable levels if we are unable to negotiate appropriate terms for new leases, relocations or extensions. We may also make term commitments that are too long or too short, without the option to exit early or extend. If an existing store is not profitable, we might be required to record an impairment charge and we may not be able to terminate the lease associated with the underperforming store. Our leases generally do not allow for termination prior to the end of the lease term without economic consequences. As a result, if we decide to close a store, we are generally required to continue to perform all obligations under the applicable lease, including the payment of rent, for the balance of the lease term and might also incur termination charges. Even if we are able to assign or sublease the closed locations where our lease cannot be terminated, we may remain liable for certain lease obligations if the assignee or sublessee does not perform. Furthermore, the success of our stores depends on a number of factors including the sustained success of the shopping center where the store is located, consumer demographics, and consumer shopping patterns. Changes in consumer shopping habits, financial difficulties of anchor tenants, and shopping center vacancies could impact the profitability of our stores. These factors cannot be predicted with complete accuracy and may change over time. There is no assurance that we will be able to reverse any decline in customer traffic or that increases in online sales will offset any decline in store traffic. We may need to respond to declines in customer traffic or conversion rates by increasing markdowns or promotions to attract customers, which could adversely impact our financial results. Failure to secure desirable new store locations and relocation sites, successfully renew or modify existing leases, or effectively manage the profitability of our existing stores could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 11 Table of Contents We may pursue strategic alliances, acquisitions or investments and the failure of an alliance, acquisition or investment to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business. From time-to-time, we may enter into strategic alliances or acquire or invest in complementary companies or businesses. The success of strategic alliances, acquisitions, and investments is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration and other factors relating to such businesses. There can be no assurance that our strategic alliances, acquisitions, or investments will produce the anticipated results within the expected time frame or at all. Strategic alliances, acquisitions, and investments may also result in the diversion of capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. Furthermore, acquisitions may result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill or other intangibles, any of which could harm our financial condition. We also may not be able to successfully integrate operations that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, supply chain and other operations, which could adversely affect our business. Our business relies on our distribution and fulfillment network and our customer support center. An inability to optimize this network or a disruption to the network, including delays or failures by independent third-party transportation providers, could cause us to lose merchandise, be unable to effectively deliver merchandise to our stores and customers, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We own a distribution center and eCommerce fulfillment center in Conklin, New York and a distribution center in Goodyear, Arizona. We lease distribution centers near Atlanta, Georgia; Plainfield, Indiana; and Smithton, Pennsylvania, and we utilize third-party logistics fulfillment centers near Rialto, California and Louisville, Kentucky. We also own a customer support center in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania that serves as our corporate headquarters. The ability to optimize our distribution and fulfillment network depends on general economic and real estate conditions which are beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain our existing distribution and fulfillment centers if the cost of the facilities increase or the location of a facility is no longer desirable. In those cases, we may not be able to locate suitable alternative sites or modify or enter into new leases on acceptable terms. Furthermore, we may need to locate new sites for additional eCommerce fulfillment centers to satisfy omni-channel demand. If we cannot locate suitable locations for these fulfillment centers on acceptable terms, we will need to rely on our store network, third-party logistic fulfillment centers, our distribution centers, and vendors to help meet our fulfillment needs. An inability to optimize our distribution and fulfillment network, including the expiration of a lease or an unexpected lease termination at one of our facilities (without timely replacement of the applicable facility) or serious disruptions (including natural disasters) at any of these facilities might impair our ability to adequately stock our stores, process returns of products to vendors and fulfill eCommerce orders at the speed expected by customers, increase costs associated with shipping and delivery, damage a material portion of our inventory, and otherwise negatively affect our operations, sales, profitability, and reputation. In addition, we rely on independent third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our merchandise shipments, including shipments to our stores and directly to customers through our eCommerce platform. Our use of third-party delivery services for shipments subjects us to risks, including increased fuel prices, which would increase our shipping costs, and labor issues and inclement weather, which could impact a shipper’s ability to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs. If we change shipping companies, we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely impact deliveries and we would incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from the independent third-party transportation providers we currently use, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operational results, financial position and cash flows. 12 Table of Contents We depend on our suppliers, distributors and manufacturers to provide us with sufficient quantities of quality products in a timely fashion. In fiscal 2019, we purchased merchandise from approximately 1,200 vendors. Purchases from Nike represented approximately 21% of our total merchandise purchases. Although in fiscal 2019 purchases from no other vendor represented 10% or more of our total purchases, our dependence on suppliers involves risk. We might be unable to obtain merchandise that consumers demand in a timely manner if there are disruptions in our relationships with key suppliers, which could cause our revenue to materially decline. We generally do not have long-term written contracts with our suppliers that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise. Key vendors may fail to deliver on their commitments or fail to supply us with sufficient products that comply with our safety and quality standards, whether as a result of supply chain disruptions (for example, the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19) or other causes, or fail to continue to develop new products that create consumer demand. Furthermore, vendors increasingly sell their products directly to customers or through broadened or alternative distribution channels, such as department stores, family footwear stores, or eCommerce companies. Many of our suppliers also provide us with incentives, such as return privileges, volume purchasing allowances and cooperative advertising, which are not guaranteed. A decline or discontinuation of these incentives could reduce or eliminate our profit margins. If our product costs are adversely affected by foreign trade issues, currency exchange rate fluctuations, increasing prices for raw materials, political instability or other reasons, our sales and profitability may suffer. A significant portion of the products that we purchase, including those purchased from domestic suppliers, as well as most of our private brand merchandise, is manufactured abroad. Foreign imports subject us to risk relating to changes in import duties quotas, the introduction of U.S. taxes on imported goods or the extension of U.S. income taxes on our foreign suppliers' sales of imported goods through the adoption of destination-based income tax jurisdiction, loss of “most favored nation” status with the U.S., freight cost increases and economic and political uncertainties. We may also experience shipment delays and shipping port constraints, labor strikes, work stoppages or other disruptions, including those caused by extreme weather, natural disasters, and pandemics and other public health concerns. Specifically, the impact of the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 in China may cause delays in the manufacturing of products and raw materials to and from China. To the extent the impact of COVID-19 continues or worsens, our vendors and suppliers may have difficulty obtaining the materials necessary for the production and packaging of the products we sell, factories which produce the products we sell may remain closed for sustained periods of time, and industry-wide shipment of products may be negatively impacted, which could result in significant inventory delays or product shortages in our stores and online. Furthermore, we could face significantly higher U.S. income and similar taxes with respect to sales of products purchased from foreign suppliers if the U.S. were to adopt a system of taxation under which the cost of imported products was not deductible in determining such products' tax base. If such a tax system were adopted, we could also face higher prices for products manufactured or produced abroad that we purchase from our domestic suppliers if they were subject to such a tax. In addition, the U.S. government periodically considers other restrictions on the importation of products obtained by our vendors and us. If any of these or other factors were to cause a disruption of trade from the countries in which our vendors' supplies or our private brand products' manufacturers are located, our inventory levels may be reduced or the cost of our products may increase. We may need to seek alternative suppliers or vendors, raise prices, or make changes to our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we could be impacted by negative publicity or, in some cases, face potential liability to the extent that any foreign manufacturers from whom we directly or indirectly purchase products utilize labor, environmental, workplace safety and other practices that vary from those commonly accepted in the U.S. Also, the prices charged by foreign manufacturers may be affected by the fluctuation of their local currency against the U.S. dollar and the price of raw materials, which could cause the cost of our products to increase and negatively impact our sales or profitability. Trade tensions between the U.S. and China, including the possible imposition of new and increased tariffs on goods imported from China, could have a negative impact on our sales and profitability. Trade tensions between the U.S. and China have resulted in both countries imposing tariffs on billions of dollars of each other’s goods. Although we have taken steps to mitigate the current tariffs, we may need to take additional action, including seeking alternative suppliers or vendors, raising prices, or making changes to our operations if these events continue or further action is taken to limit trade between the two countries. Taking additional action to address the impact of current or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including sales and profitability. 13 Table of Contents Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information could harm the Company’s business and standing with our customers. The protection of our customer, associate and Company data is critical. The Company receives confidential customer data, including payment card and personally identifiable information, in the normal course of customer transactions. While we have taken significant steps to protect customer and confidential information, the intentional or negligent actions of third parties, business associates or employees may undermine our existing security measures and allow unauthorized parties to obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate confidential data. There can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent a future compromise of our customer transaction processing capabilities and personal data. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, disable, degrade, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. While we have no knowledge of any material data security breaches to date, any compromise of our data security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws or standards, significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of our insurance coverage, interruption of our operations, increased operating costs associated with remediation, equipment acquisitions or disposal, added personnel, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business or investor confidence. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information could attract a substantial amount of media attention, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of litigation and material liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. Our ability to operate and expand our business and to respond to changing business and economic conditions is dependent upon the availability of adequate capital. In addition to the terms of our senior secured revolving credit facility imposing certain restrictions that may impair our ability to access sufficient capital, weakness in the capital markets could negatively impact our access to capital. The operation and growth of our business, including opening new stores, expanding our eCommerce business, implementing long-term initiatives, pursuing strategic acquisitions or investments, and our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions depend on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn depends on cash flow generated by our business and, if necessary, the availability of equity or debt capital. Our current senior secured revolving credit facility contains provisions that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or make substantial asset sales, which might otherwise be used to finance our operations. In the event of our insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, the lenders under our senior secured revolving credit facility would be entitled to payment in full from our assets before distributions, if any, were made to our stockholders. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, and if availability under our current senior secured revolving credit facility is not sufficient to meet our capital needs, we may have to obtain additional financing. Any future constriction of the credit and public capital markets, including debt markets, or deterioration of our financial condition due to internal or external factors, could restrict or limit our ability to access capital and could increase the cost of financing sources. We may not be able to obtain such refinancing or additional financing on favorable terms or at all. Our liquidity or access to capital could also be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in the financial markets and global economy. We are subject to costs and risks associated with a complex regulatory, compliance and legal environment, including increased or changing laws and regulations affecting our business, particularly those relating to the sale of consumer products and firearms and ammunition, and those relating to data protection and privacy. We operate in a complex regulatory and legal environment that exposes us to compliance and litigation risks that could materially affect our operations and financial results. New laws that have been recently enacted may require considerable resources to ensure timely and ongoing compliance. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 that came into effect in January of 2020 gives new data privacy rights to California residents and requires expenditure of considerable resources to establish the necessary internal infrastructure to allow for the monitoring and other compliance requirements. In addition, laws at the federal, state or local level may change, sometimes significantly and unexpectedly, as a result of political, economic or social events. Some of the federal, state or local laws and regulations that affect us include those relating to consumer products, product liability and consumer protection; eCommerce, data protection and privacy, including data protection laws passed by many states regarding notification to data subjects and/or regulators when there is a security breach of personal data; advertisement and marketing; labor and employment; taxes, including changes to tax rates and new taxes, tariffs, and surcharges; firearms, ammunition, knives, food items or other regulated products; accounting, corporate governance and securities; custom or import; and intellectual property. In addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand, failure to comply with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations such as those outlined above may result in our being subject to claims, lawsuits, fines and adverse publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 14 Table of Contents We may be subject to various types of litigation and other claims, and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover damages related to those claims. From time-to-time the Company or its subsidiaries may be involved in lawsuits or other claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including those related to federal or state wage and hour laws, product liability, consumer protection, advertising, employment, intellectual property, tort, privacy and data protection, and other matters. We sell firearms and ammunition. These products are associated with an increased risk of injury and related lawsuits with respect to our compliance with Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (“ATF”) and state laws and regulations. Any improper or illegal use by our customers of ammunition or firearms sold by us could have a negative impact on our reputation and business. We may incur losses due to lawsuits, including potential class actions, relating to our performance of background checks on firearms purchases and compliance with other sales laws as mandated by state and federal law and related to our policies on the sale of firearms and ammunition. We may also incur losses from lawsuits relating to the improper use of firearms or ammunition sold by us, including lawsuits by municipalities or other organizations attempting to recover costs from manufacturers and retailers of firearms and ammunition. We may incur losses relating to claims filed against us, including costs associated with defending against such claims, and there is risk that any such claims or liabilities will exceed our insurance coverage, or affect our ability to retain adequate liability insurance in the future. Even if a claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any such assertions could adversely affect our reputation. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and other claims, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such matters. Our inability or failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any third parties claiming that we have infringed on their intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our operating results. Our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, domain names and other intellectual property, including exclusive licensing rights, are valuable assets that are critical to our success. Effective trademark and other intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products are manufactured or may be made available. The unauthorized reproduction or other misappropriation of our intellectual property could diminish the value of our brands or goodwill and cause a decline in our revenue. In addition, any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us could be time-consuming to address, result in costly litigation, cause product delays, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or result in our loss of ownership or use of the intellectual property. Problems with our information systems could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations. We utilize a number of third-party information systems for core system needs of our business. These systems, if not functioning properly, could disrupt our operations, including our ability to track, record and analyze the merchandise that we sell, process shipments of goods, process financial information or credit card transactions, deliver products or engage in similar normal business activities. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses, worms, ransomware, and other malicious computer programs; denial-of-service attacks; security breaches (through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers or sophisticated organizations); catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes; and usage errors by our associates. If our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our business operations. Any material disruption, malfunction or other similar problems in or with our core information systems could negatively impact our financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations. 15 Table of Contents We may be unable to attract, train, engage and retain executive officers and key personnel and associates, or implement effective succession planning strategies. Furthermore, the loss of Edward W. Stack as our key executive could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our long-term success and ability to implement our strategic and business planning processes depends in large part on our ability to continue to attract, retain, train and develop executive management, key personnel and qualified employees in all areas of the organization. In addition, stores depend significantly on our ability to hire and retain quality associates, including store managers and sales associates. The market for non-entry level personnel, particularly for associates with retail expertise, is highly competitive. We are also dependent on the associates who staff our distribution centers. All employees, including members of our executive management and key personnel, are at-will employees, and we generally do not maintain key-person life insurance policies on our employees. The loss of any one or more of our executive management and key personnel could seriously harm our business. Further, effective succession planning for executive management and key personnel is vital to our long-term continued success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge, maintenance of our culture, setting of strategic direction, and smooth transitions involving executive management and key personnel could hinder our long-term strategies and success. Furthermore, our success depends on continued service from Edward W. Stack, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who has been operating the Company since 1984. Mr. Stack possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and challenges facing the Company and the industry. If Mr. Stack no longer served a role in the Company, our business could be materially adversely affected. Changing regulations impacting wage levels and changes to tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our financial results or condition. Recently, various legislative movements have sought to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States and the minimum wage in a number of individual states, some of which have been successful at the state level. As federal or state minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our other hourly employees. Further, should we fail to increase our wages competitively in response to increasing wage rates, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our customer service to suffer. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating costs, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to income and other taxes both in and outside the U.S. Our effective income tax rates could be unfavorably impacted by a number of factors, including changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities; changes in applicable tax laws, regulations, treaties, interpretations, and other guidance; changes in transfer pricing rules; and the outcome of income tax audits in various jurisdiction. Current economic and political considerations make tax rules in the United States and other applicable jurisdictions subject to significant change. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our income tax expense and profitability. Poor performance of professional sports teams within our core regions of operation, as well as league-wide lockouts or strikes, retirement of or serious injury to key athletes or scandals involving such athletes could adversely affect our financial results. We sell a significant amount of professional sports team merchandise, the success of which may be subject to fluctuations based on the success or failure of such teams or their key players. Poor performance by the professional sports teams within our core regions of operations, as well as league-wide lockouts or strikes, could cause our financial results to fluctuate year over year. In addition, to the extent we use individual athletes to market our products and advertise our stores or we sell merchandise branded by one or more athletes, the retirement or injury of such athletes or scandals in which they might be implicated could negatively impact our financial results. 16 Table of Contents The relative seasonality of our operations, along with the current geographic concentrations of our DICK’S stores, exposes us to certain risks. Our business is largely seasonal based on sports seasons and the holiday selling season. Furthermore, a majority of our DICK’S Sporting Goods stores are located in the eastern half of the United States, which exposes us to various regional risks, including those relating to weather conditions. Many of our stores are located in geographic areas that experience seasonally cold weather, and we sell a significant amount of cold weather sporting goods and apparel. Our highest sales and operating income results historically occur during our fourth fiscal quarter, which is due, in part, to the holiday selling season and, in part, to our strong sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel. Poor performance during our fourth quarter because of a slow holiday selling season, unseasonable weather conditions whether due to climate change or otherwise, economic conditions or other factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results for the entire fiscal year. Abnormally wet or cold weather in the spring or summer months could reduce our sales of golf, team sports or other merchandise and cause a decrease in our profitability. We are controlled by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and his relatives, whose interests may differ from other stockholders. Mr. Edward W. Stack, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and his relatives control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and Class B common stock and would control the outcome of a vote on any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to our stockholders for approval. The interests of Mr. Stack and his relatives may differ from the interests of our other stockholders and they may take actions with which our other stockholders disagree. Our anti-takeover provisions could prevent or delay a change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include: authorizing the issuance of Class B common stock; classifying the Board of Directors such that approximately one-third of directors are elected each year; authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; prohibiting the use of cumulative voting for the election of directors; prohibiting stockholder action by partial written consent and requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders or by unanimous written consent if our Class B common stock is no longer outstanding; and establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters to be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. In addition, the Delaware General Corporation Law, to which we are subject, prohibits us, except under specified circumstances, from engaging in any mergers, significant sales of stock or assets or business combinations with any stockholder or group of stockholders who owns 15% or more of our common stock. We cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program. Although our Board of Directors has indicated an intention to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determination to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and the continuing determination from our Board of Directors that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. Furthermore, although our Board of Directors has authorized a five-year $1.0 billion share repurchase program, we are not obligated to make any purchases under the program and we may discontinue it at any time.