Item 1A. Risk Factors 10 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item 2. Properties 2 3 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 25 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 25 Part II 26 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 26 Item 6. [Reserved] 27 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 38 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 38 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 38 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 39 Item 9B. Other Information 41 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 41 Part III 41 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 41 Item 11. Executive Compensation 41 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 42 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 42 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 42 Part IV 43 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 43 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 71 SIGNATURES 75 2 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements We caution that any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or made by our management involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various important factors, many of which may be beyond our control. Accordingly, our future performance and financial results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such forward-looking statements. Investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. These statements can be identified as those that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or advancements and by forward-looking words such as “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “estimate”, “predict”, “intend”, “plan”, “project”, “goal”, “will”, “will be”, “will continue”, “will result”, “could”, “may”, “might” or any variations of such words or other words with similar meanings. Forward-looking statements address, among other things, potential reductions in consumer discretionary spending due to macroeconomic conditions and other factors; potential limitations on our growth and profitability due to intense competition in the sporting goods industry; the impact to consumer demand and our supply chain due to the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic, including store closures, changes to consumer demand and store traffic; fluctuations in product costs and availability due to inflationary pressures, fuel price uncertainty and supply chain constraints; risks and costs associated with our products being manufactured abroad; our plans to improve our digital experience by expanding personalization and other features and enhancements to assist our athletes in finding the right product and to make investments in in-store technology to further improve fulfillment efficiency; plans to invest in our vertical brands with improved space in-store, increased marketing, and expansion into additional product categories; our belief that apparel, fitness, footwear, golf, and team sports offer market share opportunities; plans to leverage our real estate portfolio to capitalize on future opportunities in the near and intermediate term as our existing leases come up for renewal; our intention to repay the principal outstanding amounts of the Convertible Senior Notes using excess cash, free cash flow and borrowings on our Credit Facility; projections of our future profitability; projected capital expenditures; anticipated store openings and relocations; plans to return capital to stockholders through dividends and in share repurchases; and our future results of operations and financial condition. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled “Risk Factors” (Item 1A of this Form 10-K). In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment; therefore, new risk factors can arise, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor to assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any individual risk factor, or combination of risk factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of this date. We do not assume any obligation and do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise except as may be required by the securities laws. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, referred to as “the Company”, “we”, “us” and “our” unless specified otherwise) is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories. As of January 29, 2022, we operated 730 DICK’S Sporting Goods locations across the United States, serving and inspiring our customers, whom we refer to as athletes, to achieve their personal best through interactions with our dedicated employees, whom we refer to as our teammates, in-store experiences and unique specialty shop-in-shops. In addition to DICK’S Sporting Goods stores, we own and operate Golf Galaxy, Field & Stream, Public Lands and Going Going Gone! stores, and sell our product both online and through our mobile apps. We also own and operate DICK’S House of Sport and Golf Galaxy Performance Center, as well as GameChanger, a youth sports mobile app for video streaming, scorekeeping, scheduling and communications. We were founded and incorporated in 1948 in New York under the name Dick’s Clothing and Sporting Goods, Inc. when Richard “Dick” Stack, the father of Edward W. Stack, our Executive Chairman, opened his original bait and tackle store in Binghamton, New York. Edward W. Stack joined his father's business full-time in 1977 and in 1984 became President and Chief Executive Officer of the then two-store chain. In November 1997, we reincorporated as a Delaware corporation, and in April 1999 we changed our name to DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. 3 Table of Contents Our executive office is located at 345 Court Street, Coraopolis, Pennsylvania 15108 and our phone number is (724) 273-3400. Our website is located at dicks.com. The information on our website does not constitute a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We include on our website, free of charge, copies of our Annual and Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified, any reference to “year” is to the Company’s fiscal year. Business Strategy Our Company is built on the belief that sports make people better. With this belief as our foundation, our common purpose is to create confidence and excitement by personally equipping all athletes to achieve their dreams. Driven by this common purpose and our commitment to all athletes, our mission is to: • Create an inclusive environment where passionate, skilled and diverse teammates thrive; • Create and build leading brands that serve and inspire athletes; • Make a lasting impact on communities through sport; and, • Deliver shareholder value through growth and relentless improvement. We believe that through our mission and the following key elements of our business strategy, we can continue to build one of the best omni-channel experiences in retail. Reimagining the Athlete Experience We put our athletes at the center of everything we do, and we are committed to creating a unique and differentiated shopping experience for them. We seek to proactively manage our in-stock merchandise positions in our diverse category portfolio and elevate our merchandise presentation to provide a clear point of view for in-demand items, such as our premium full-service footwear departments, which are offered in over half of our DICK’S Sporting Goods stores as of the end of fiscal 2021. We offer a wide range of in-store support services and incorporate experiential elements and technology into our stores to better engage and serve our athletes, including our introduction of HitTrax® baseball simulators in nearly 200 stores and our recent investment in Trackman technology, which is used to enhance the fitting and lesson experience for our athletes in all of our Golf Galaxy stores. We develop and test new store prototypes and concepts to grow our business, while incorporating key learnings into the rest of our chain. We recently opened our first two DICK’S House of Sport stores, which are built around experience, service, community and product, as well as our first two redesigned Golf Galaxy Performance Centers, which are equipped with Trackman and Biomech golf technologies and include an elevated staffing and service model to ensure our teammates become trusted advisors to golf enthusiasts of all levels. In addition to innovating within our core business, we recently launched Public Lands, a new omni-channel specialty concept for our outdoor athletes. We continue to improve our service and selling culture, and recently introduced new standards to better serve our athletes, which included robust training to increase our teammates’ product knowledge. We equip our teammates with current technology to improve their productivity and enhance the athlete experience, including providing real-time product information, detailed product descriptions, inventory availability and alternative product recommendations as well as other metrics and communications while on the sales floor. Our marketing program is focused on building loyalty to DICK’S Sporting Goods through brand-building campaigns and the expansion of our ScoreCard Rewards loyalty program. In fiscal 2019, we launched ScoreCard Gold, which provides our top-tier athletes with more ways to earn ScoreCard points and member-only benefits, including early access to sales and product launches. Our loyalty program has over 20 million active members that account for over 70% of total sales. Through this program, we have acquired over 140 million athletes in our database, including over 16 million new athletes in the past two years. We leverage the robust data in our database to enhance the athlete experience by engaging our athletes through digital marketing and providing them with personalized offers and communications. We also use data science to improve the speed at which we deliver products to our athletes through optimized order routing and to enhance our in-stock and merchandise availability positions. 4 Table of Contents Optimizing Our Assortment to Meet the Needs of All Athletes We carry a full range of products within each category, including premium items for the sports enthusiast. We believe that the breadth of our product selections in each category of sporting goods offers our athletes a wide range of good, better and best price points and enables us to address the needs of our athletes, from the beginner to the sports enthusiast, which distinguishes us from other large format sporting goods stores. We focus on those growth categories in which we believe an opportunity to gain market share exists. We support these growth categories, which have recently included the apparel, fitness, footwear, golf, and team sports categories, with greater quantities of enthusiast product and improved presentation and in-stock positions. We deliver a differentiated multi-brand experience to our athletes through our offering of national and vertical brands. National brands We carry a wide variety of well-known brands, including but not limited to adidas, Asics, Brooks, Callaway Golf, Carhartt, Columbia, Easton, Hoka, Nike, Patagonia, TaylorMade, The North Face, Titleist, Under Armour and Yeti. Our key partners invest in our business to showcase their brands through brand shops and access to wider, deeper and exclusive product offerings that provide authenticity and credibility to our athletes and that further differentiate us from our competitors, including our recently announced partnership with Nike to provide a connected marketplace in our DICK’S mobile app which gives our athletes access to exclusive product, experiences and content. Vertical brands We also offer our athletes a wide variety of products that are not available from other retailers. Our vertical brands include brands that we own and are available exclusively in our stores and online such as Alpine Design, CALIA, DSG, ETHOS, Field & Stream, Fitness Gear, Lady Hagen, MAXFLI, Nishiki, Quest, Tommy Armour, Top-Flite and Walter Hagen, as well as brands that we license from third parties including adidas (baseball and football), Slazenger (golf) and Prince (tennis). In fiscal 2021, we launched VRST, our premium and versatile brand that serves the modern athletic male. These brands offer high-quality, on-trend products to our athletes with compelling technical and performance attributes while providing differentiation in our merchandise assortment at higher gross margins as compared to sales of similar products from national brands. Our vertical brands are our second largest brand category, representing $1.7 billion, or approximately 14%, of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2021. We consider our vertical brand strategy to be a key area of opportunity to increase productivity in our stores and online, and we have invested in a research, development and procurement staff to support its growth. Looking forward, we intend to provide our vertical brands with improved space in-store, increased marketing and expansion into additional product categories, which will provide an opportunity for future growth. Our Improving Omni-channel Platform and Fulfillment Capabilities We believe that when our athletes connect with the DICK’S Sporting Goods brand, they expect a seamless shopping experience, regardless of the manner in which they choose to shop with us. Like our athletes, we view retail as an omni-channel experience, that seamlessly integrates our stores and online channels. Our stores remain at the core of our omni-channel platform. We believe our store base gives us a competitive advantage over our online-only competitors, as our physical presence allows us to better serve our athletes by creating strong engagement through interactive in-store elements, offering the convenience of accepting in-store returns or exchanges and expediting fulfillment of eCommerce orders, the ability to place online orders in our stores if we are out of stock in the retail store, buy-online, pick-up in store or curbside capabilities, and giving direct, live access to well-trained and knowledgeable teammates. In fiscal 2021, a pproximately 70% of online sales were fulfilled directly by our stores, which serve as localized points of distribution, and they enabled 90% of total sales through online fulfillment and in-person sales. We continually improve the functionality and performance of our eCommerce sites and mobile app, which has included building a faster and more convenient checkout process with new payment options, greater visibility and accuracy of delivery dates, improved pa ge responsiveness, enhancing integration of our ScoreCard loyalty program, new content development through our Pro Tips platform and localized website experiences. Additionally, we continue to leverage our omni-channel platform, fulfillment centers and our delivery partnership with FedEx, which have enabled us to provide our athletes with faster delivery times. In fiscal 2022, we plan to further improve our digital experience by expanding personalization and other features and enhancements to assist our athletes in finding the right product, at the right time. We also plan to invest in in-store technology to further improve fulfillment efficiency. 5 Table of Contents Merchandising The following table sets forth the approximate percentage of our sales attributable to the following categories for the fiscal years presented: Fiscal Year Category 2021 2020 2019 Hardlines (1) 44 % 46 % 42 % Apparel 34 % 33 % 35 % Footwear 21 % 19 % 21 % Other (2) 1 % 2 % 2 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % (1) Includes items such as sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, golf equipment and hunting and fishing gear. (2) Includes our non-merchandise sales categories, including in-store services, shipping revenues, software subscription revenues and credit card processing revenues. Additional information about our sales categories is included within Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules, Note 1–Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Selling Channels We offer products to our athletes through our retail stores and online, and although we sell through both of these channels, we believe that sales in one channel are not independent of the other. Regardless of the sales channel, we seek to provide our athletes with a seamless omni-channel shopping experience. Retail Stores Our DICK’S Sporting Goods, Golf Galaxy and other specialty concept stores, including Public Lands, are designed to create an exciting and interactive shopping environment for the sporting enthusiast that highlights our extensive product assortments and value-added services. Each of our DICK’S Sporting Goods stores unites several sports specialty stores under one roof and typically contains the following specialty shops: Team Sports, Athletic Apparel, Outdoor, Golf, Fitness and Footwear. We believe our “store-within-a-store” concept creates a unique shopping environment by combining the convenience, broad assortment and competitive prices of large format stores with the brand names, differentiated product selection and customer service of a specialty store. We monitor and evaluate store performance on an ongoing basis and reallocate space in our stores to categories and products that we believe can drive sales growth, including our recent removal of the hunt department from many of our stores, in which we reallocated product space to a localized assortment of categories in an effort to drive growth. In addition, we operate Going Going Gone! stores, through which we are able to improve our clearance optimization and better serve our value athletes. We seek to expand our presence through the opening of new stores and believe that growing our store network and eCommerce business simultaneously will enable us to profitably grow the business by delivering an omni-channel shopping experience for our athletes. Over two-thirds of our DICK’S Sporting Goods stores will be up for lease renewal at our option over the next five years, which provides us with the opportunity to relocate, close, or renegotiate lease terms for these stores. We plan to opportunistically open new stores in under-served and under-penetrated markets and leverage the significant flexibility within our existing real estate portfolio to capitalize on future real estate opportunities over the near and intermediate terms as these leases come up for renewal. eCommerce Through our websites, we seek to provide our athletes with in-depth product information and the ability to shop with us at any time. We continue to innovate our eCommerce sites and applications with customer experience enhancements, new releases of our mobile and tablet apps, and the development of omni-channel capabilities that further integrate our online presence with our brick and mortar stores to provide our athletes with an omni-channel shopping experience. Currently, we have return-to-store capabilities for online orders, the ability to place online orders in our stores if we are out of stock in the retail store, buy-online, pick-up in store and curbside pickup capabilities. Our websites also give us the ability to ship online orders from our retail locations, which reduces delivery times for online orders and improves inventory productivity and availability. eCommerce sales accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing 81% since fiscal 2019, while eCommerce penetration has grown from 16% of total net sales in fiscal 2019 to 21% in fiscal 2021. 6 Table of Contents Purchasing, Distribution and Customer Fulfillment During fiscal 2021, we purchased merchandise from approximately 1,400 vendors, with Nike, our largest vendor, representing approximately 17% of our merchandise purchases. No other vendor represented 10% or more of our fiscal 2021 merchandise purchases. We do not have long-term purchase contracts with any of our vendors; all of our purchases from vendors are made on a short-term purchase order basis. We currently operate five regional distribution centers which enable us to supply stores with merchandise. Vendors ship floor-ready merchandise to our distribution centers, where it is processed and allocated directly to our stores or stored temporarily. Our distribution centers are responsible for consolidating damaged or defective merchandise from our stores that is being returned to vendors. We have contracted with common carriers to deliver merchandise from all of our distribution centers to our stores, which generally facilitates prompt and efficient distribution to our stores to enhance in-stocks, minimize freight costs and improve inventory turnover. During fiscal 2021, our stores received over 90% of their merchandise through our distribution network; the remaining merchandise was shipped directly to our stores from our vendors. We leverage our store and distribution center network, three eCommerce fulfillment centers (one owned and two operated by a third-party) and direct shipping capabilities from our vendors to ensure merchandise delivery speed to our athletes and to minimize shipping costs. Competition The competition among retailers that sell sporting goods is highly fragmented. We compete with many retailing formats, including large format sporting goods stores, traditional sporting goods stores, specialty stores, mass merchants and department stores, online retailers, and vendors selling directly to consumers through retail stores and online. We seek to attract athletes by offering a wide range of products that enables us to address the needs of all athletes, from beginner to enthusiast, and by utilizing distinctive merchandise presentation in stores to create a unique shopping environment. We also offer superior service both in-store and via a seamless omni-channel experience which includes buy-online, pick-up in store and curbside pickup. Seasonality Our business is subject to seasonal influences, including the success of the holiday selling season and the impact of unseasonable weather conditions. Although our highest sales and operating income results have historically occurred in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, our business has increasingly been less affected by seasonal fluctuations in recent years. However, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the fiscal year. Proprietary Rights We have a number of service marks and trademarks registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, including various versions of the following: “Alpine Design”, “CALIA”, “DICK’S”, “DICK’S Sporting Goods”, “DSG”, “ETHOS”, “Field & Stream”, “Fitness Gear”, “Golf Galaxy”, “Golfsmith”, “Lady Hagen”, “MAXFLI”, “Nishiki”, “Primed”, “Public Lands”, “Quest”, “ScoreCard”, “ScoreRewards”, “Tommy Armour”, “Top-Flite”, “VRST” and “Walter Hagen”. We also have a number of registered domain names, including “dickssportinggoods.com”, “dicks.com”, “golfgalaxy.com”, “fieldandstreamshop.com”, “publiclands.com”, “goinggoinggone.com”, “calia.com”, “vrst.com”, and “gamechanger.com”. Our service marks, trademarks and other intellectual property are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed within Item 1A. “Risk Factors”. We have also entered into licensing agreements for names that we do not own, which provide for exclusive and non-exclusive rights to use names such as “adidas” (baseball and football), “Prince” (tennis), and “Slazenger” (golf) for specified product categories or certain products and, in some cases, specified sales channels. These licenses are long-term business relationships and contain customary termination provisions at the option of the licensor including, in some cases, termination upon our failure to purchase or sell a minimum volume of products and may include early termination fees. Our licenses are also subject to general risks and uncertainties common to licensing arrangements that are described within Item 1A. “Risk Factors”. Governmental Regulations We must comply with various federal, state and local regulations, including regulations relating to consumer products and consumer protection, advertising and marketing, labor and employment, data protection and privacy, intellectual property, the environment and tax. In addition, in connection with the sale of firearms in our stores, we must comply with a number of federal and state laws and regulations, including the federal Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, related to the sale of firearms and ammunition. Ensuring our compliance with these various laws and regulations, and keeping abreast of changes to the legal and regulatory landscape present in our industry, may cause us to expend considerable resources. 7 Table of Contents Social Responsibility We are committed to supporting our teammates professionally and personally, readying our athletes to achieve their personal bests, and saving and rebuilding youth sports in local communities. We sponsor thousands of teams in various sports and support the philanthropic efforts of our private corporate foundation, The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation. In partnership with The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation, we launched our Sports Matter initiative, a philanthropic effort singularly focused on supporting youth sports, in 2014. Through Spo rts Matter, we remain committed to raising awareness of the importance of playing sports, while also providing financial support to keep our kids playing the sports they love. Since the establishment of the Sports Matter initiative, the Company and The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation have committed over $150 million to keep kids playing sports, helping to save thousands of youth sports teams and giving more than one million young athletes across all 50 states the chance to play. In addition, we donated $30 million to The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation in fiscal 2020 to help jump-start youth sports programs struggling to come back fr om the COVID-19 pandemic. Human Capital Management As of January 29, 2022, we employed approximately 17,800 full-time and 33,000 part-time teammates. Total employment figures fluctuate throughout the year and typically peak during the fourth quarter in alignment with the holiday selling season. None of our teammates are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. As stated in our mission, we strive to create an environment where passionate and skilled teammates thrive. We believe our teammates’ dedication to creating a positive experience for our athletes is what drives our success as a company, and we’re committed to creating a great place to work for our teammates through competitive wages and benefits, promoting teammate safety, health and well-being, providing learning and career development opportunities and promoting diversity, equity and inclusion. Wages and Benefits In addition to offering our teammates competitive salaries and wages, we offer comprehensive health and retirement benefits to those eligible, which include all full-time hourly and salaried teammates. We are committed to equal pay for equal work independent of gender and race when establishing and maintaining wages. We achieved a 100% female-to-male unadjusted median pay ratio in fiscal 2021, which we intend to maintain going forward. From an average pay perspective, female pay was at 97% of males across our 50,800 teammates. Safety, Health and Well-Being We are committed to ensuring the safety, health and well-being of our teammates. We have robust policies, procedures and training in place to ensure a safe environment across our organization, including a comprehensive crisis management plan that allows us to respond immediately to critical incidents involving people, company assets, our business or our reputation. We provide support to our teammates to enable them to maintain and improve their professional and personal lives, which includes an employee assistance plan, and an onsite health and childcare facility at our Customer Support Center (“CSC”). We also provide opportunities for volunteerism and recently launched our Teammate Relief Fund, which provides monetary support for our teammates and their immediate families during times of unforeseen financial hardship and crises that are beyond their control. Training and Development We empower our teammates to develop their careers and provide tools that are necessary for them to reach their personal and professional goals. We have created rotational development programs in various functional disciplines and offer various live and recorded training programs across the organization based on job role and function, including safety, compliance, leadership or other skills, as well as store manager onboarding programs. We also provide tuition reimbursement programs for all eligible teammates to pursue a job-related degree at an accredited college or university, and we offer a part-time MBA program online in partnership with a local university. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion We are committed to creating a workplace environment and culture that supports, celebrates and honors each individual and to promoting inclusion and diversity for all teammates. Doing so strengthens our ability to serve all of our athletes, drives innovation and growth, and enables us to attract and retain the best talent. In 2019, we created the DICK’S Sporting Goods Inclusion and Diversity Council, which is comprised of a group of teammates from across our organization who represent diverse backgrounds, roles, experiences and communities, to help steer and support our inclusion and diversity efforts. Teammates with shared interests have come together in various resource groups to discuss shared issues, increase awareness and communicate with senior management. We use the feedback provided by our Inclusion and Diversity Council, various resource groups, and engagement and other surveys provided to our teammates to foster an inclusive workplace. 8 Table of Contents We have committed to increasing diversity at all levels of our organization, which has included increasing representation of people of color and women on our Board of Directors. Information About Our Executive Officers The following table and accompanying narrative sets forth the name, age and business experience of our current Executive Officers as of March 1, 2022: Name Age Position Edward W. Stack 67 Executive Chairman Lauren R. Hobart 53 President and Chief Executive Officer Navdeep Gupta 49 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer Donald J. Germano 58 Executive Vice President - Stores Vlad Rak 45 Executive Vice President - Chief Technology Officer Lee J. Belitsky 61 Executive Vice President John E. Hayes III 59 Senior Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary Julie Lodge-Jarrett 46 Senior Vice President - Chief People and Purpose Officer Edward W. Stack is our Executive Chairman. From 1984 to January 2021, Mr. Stack served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer taking over operation of the Company after his father and our founder, Richard “Dick” Stack, retired from our then two-store chain. Mr. Stack has served us full-time since 1977 in a variety of positions, including President, Store Manager and Merchandise Manager. Lauren R. Hobart became our President and Chief Executive Officer effective February 1, 2021 and has served as our President since May 2017. Ms. Hobart was appointed to the Company’s Board of Directors in January 2018. Ms. Hobart joined DICK’S Sporting Goods in February 2011 as our Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. In September 2015, Ms. Hobart was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer and in April 2017 to Executive Vice President - Chief Customer & Digital Officer. Prior to joining DICK’S Sporting Goods, Ms. Hobart spent 14 years with PepsiCo, Inc., most recently serving as Chief Marketing Officer for its carbonated soft drink portfolio in the United States. During her career at PepsiCo, Ms. Hobart held several other significant marketing roles and also spent several years in strategic planning and finance. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Ms. Hobart worked in commercial banking for JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo Bank. In addition, Ms. Hobart serves as a member of the Board of Directors of YUM! Brands, Inc. (NYSE: YUM). Ms. Hobart formerly served as a member of the Board of Directors of Sonic Corp. (Nasdaq: SONC) from 2014 - 2018. Navdeep Gupta became our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective October 1, 2021 and served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer from November 2017 through September 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Gupta most recently served as the Senior Vice President of Finance at Advance Auto Parts, Inc., where he held numerous leadership roles from 2006 to 2017, including Chief Audit Executive, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, and Director of Finance. Previously, Mr. Gupta held management roles at Sprint Nextel Corporation (now part of T-Mobile US, Inc.). Donald J. Germano became our Executive Vice President - Stores in June 2019. Mr. Germano served as our Senior Vice President - Operations from May 2017 to June 2019. Mr. Germano rejoined our organization in May 2017 after previously leading our stores as Senior Vice President - Operations from 2010 - 2013. Prior to rejoining the Company, Mr. Germano served as President of the Follett Higher Education Group from 2013 to 2016. Prior to his time at DICK’S Sporting Goods, he held a number of leadership positions at Sears Holdings, Kmart Corporation, Kozmo.com, Nabisco, and UPS. Vlad Rak became our Chief Technology Officer in April 2020. Prior to joining DICK'S Sporting Goods, Mr. Rak served as Senior Vice President & Chief Technology Officer at Merck from 2019 to 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Rak served as Vice President, Enterprise Architecture, Innovation, Platforms & Portfolio at Nike from 2016 to 2019. Previously, Mr. Rak also held senior technology leadership roles at The Walt Disney Company and Wyndham Worldwide. Lee J. Belitsky has been an Executive Vice President since 2016 and currently oversees our supply chain, real estate and construction departments, as well as GameChanger. From September 2016 through September 2021, he served as our Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Belitsky joined DICK’S Sporting Goods in 1997 as Vice President - Controller and has held a number of roles at DICK’S Sporting Goods. From September 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Belitsky served as Executive Vice President - Product Development and Planning, Allocations and Replenishment; from July 2013 to September 2014, Mr. Belitsky served as Senior Vice President - Product Development; from September 2011 to July 2013, he served as Senior Vice President - Chief Risk and Compliance Officer; from January 2010 to September 2011, he served as Senior Vice President - Strategic Planning and Analysis and Treasury Services; from February 2009 to January 2010, he served as Senior 9 Table of Contents Vice President - Store Operations and Distribution / Transportation; from April 2006 to February 2009, he served as Senior Vice President - Distribution and Transportation; from December 2005 to April 2006, he served as Vice President - Treasurer; and from December 1997 to December 2005, he served as Vice President - Controller. Prior to joining DICK’S Sporting Goods, Mr. Belitsky was the Chief Financial Officer of Domain, Inc., a Boston-based home furnishings retailer. He also served as Vice President - Controller and Treasurer with Morse Shoe, Inc. and as an Audit Manager with KPMG LLP. Mr. Belitsky has announced his retirement, effective May 1, 2022. John E. Hayes III became our Senior Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary in January 2015. Prior to joining DICK’S Sporting Goods, Mr. Hayes served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Coldwater Creek Inc. from February 2009 to September 2014. During his tenure with Coldwater Creek, Mr. Hayes also served as the Company’s interim Chief Financial Officer from November 2009 to April 2010 and as Senior Vice President, Human Resources from April 2010 to May 2013. Prior to joining Coldwater Creek, Mr. Hayes was engaged for seventeen years in private law practice, most recently as a partner with Hogan & Hartson, LLP, from March 2003 to February 2009. Prior to his legal career, Mr. Hayes practiced as a certified public accountant with KPMG LLP. Julie Lodge-Jarrett became our Chief People and Purpose Officer in April 2020. Prior to joining DICK’S Sporting Goods, Ms. Lodge-Jarrett spent more than 21 years at Ford Motor Company, most recently serving as Chief Talent Officer. Ms. Lodge-Jarrett held various human resources and organizational development roles during her tenure with Ford, including Chief Learning Officer; Human Resources Director, Global Purchasing; Human Resources Vice President, Greater China; and Human Resources Business Partner & Talent Director, Asia Pacific & Africa. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Industry and Macroeconomic Conditions Our business is dependent on macroeconomic conditions and consumer discretionary spending in the U.S., and reductions in such spending might adversely affect the Company’s business, operations, liquidity, financial results and stock price. Our business depends on consumer discretionary spending, and our results are highly dependent on U.S. consumer confidence and the health of the U.S. economy. Consumer spending may be affected by many factors outside of the Company’s control, including general economic conditions; consumer disposable income; consumer confidence and perception of economic conditions; the threat or outbreak of war, terrorism or public unrest (including, without limitation, the conflict in Ukraine) which may cause supply chain disruptions, increase fuel costs and the cost of materials, and create general economic instability; wage and unemployment levels; consumer debt and inflationary pressures; the costs of basic necessities and other goods; effects of weather and natural disasters caused by climate change or otherwise; and epidemics, contagious disease outbreaks, and other public health concerns including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. See COVID-19 Update within Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the impact and future potential impact of COVID-19 on our business operations. Decreases in consumer discretionary spending may result in a decrease in comparable sales, and average value per transaction, which might cause us to increase promotional activities, which will have a negative impact on our gross margins, all of which could negatively affect the Company’s business, operations, liquidity, financial results and/or stock price, particularly if consumer spending levels are depressed for a prolonged period of time. Intense competition in the sporting goods industry and in retail could limit our growth and reduce our profitability. The market for sporting goods retailers is highly fragmented, intensely competitive, and continually evolving. We compete with retailers from multiple categories and in multiple channels, including large formats; traditional and specialty formats; mass merchants; department stores; internet-based and direct-sell retailers; and increasingly from vendors that sell directly to customers. Our competitors include companies that may have greater market presence (both brick and mortar and online), name recognition and financial, marketing and other resources than we do. Further, the ability of consumers to compare prices in real-time puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive pricing. We rely on a mix of print, television and radio advertisements, as well as search engine marketing, web advertisements, social media platforms and other digital marketing to attract and retain athletes. If we are unsuccessful in marketing and advertising strategies, especially for online and social media platforms, or less successful than our competitors, we could lose athletes and sales could decline, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues, business and results of operations. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to effectively compete in our markets due to the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or that any of our competitors are not in a better position to either respond to the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or capitalize on potential displaced market share, including vendors with whom we compete accelerating their existing efforts to sell directly to consumers. An inability to successfully respond to competitive pressures could have a materially adverse effect on our results 10 Table of Contents of operations or reputation. Our responses to competitive pressures could also have a material effect on our results or reputation, including as it relates to pricing, quality, assortment, advertising, service, locations, and online and in-store shopping experiences. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and is expected to continue to have an impact on our business and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly affected U.S. consumer shopping patterns and caused the overall health of the U.S. economy to deteriorate. Many measures that have been, and in the future may be, periodically implemented to reduce the spread of COVID-19 have adversely affected workforces, customers, consumer sentiment, economies and financial markets. We are unable to predict the long-term impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our business due to a number of uncertainties, including the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, the long-term health and economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the success or impact of vaccines and other mitigation or recovery efforts, changes in consumer demand and shopping patterns, and the impact of governmental regulations issued in response to the pandemic. In addition to an increase in eCommerce penetration, the COVID-19 pandemic has driven an increase in demand in certain categories due to the renewed interest and perceived importance of health and fitness, participation in socially-distant and outdoor activities, and a shift toward athletic apparel and active lifestyle products. It is uncertain whether or the extent to which these trends will continue, or whether new trends will emerge as the COVID-19 pandemic continues or after the current impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic subside. While the COVID-19 pandemic continues, governmental interventions or new outbreaks could, among other things, require that we close some or all of our stores or our distribution and fulfillment centers or otherwise make it difficult or impossible to operate our eCommerce business. Numerous state and local jurisdictions have imposed, and in the future may impose or re-impose, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, executive orders and similar government orders and restrictions for their residents to control the spread of COVID-19. Such orders and restrictions have resulted, and in the future may result, in temporary store closures or meaningful decreases in store occupancy levels; work stoppages, slowdowns and delays; inability to consistently procure and maintain sufficient levels of certain in-demand items; disruptions to our supply chain; school closures and remote learning requirements; travel restrictions; and cancellation of events, among other effects, which would likely negatively impact our business. We may also be adversely impacted by the disruption or cancellation of various professional leagues and sporting events, local sports leagues, and other organized youth and adult sports programs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Another period of store closures, changes in consumer behavior, and health concerns causing a reduction in consumer demand for our products and traffic at our stores would likely have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The Company continues to consider and assess the potential impact that the COVID-19 pandemic could have on the Company’s operations, including the assumptions and estimates used to prepare its financial statements such as the Company’s inventory valuations, fair value measurements and potential asset impairment charges. These assumptions and estimates may change in the future as new events occur and additional information is obtained. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein, including risks relating to changes in consumer demand or shopping patterns, our level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness, our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness, availability of adequate capital, our ability to execute our strategic plans, our real estate portfolio, disruptions to our supply chain and third-party delivery service providers, our ability to access adequate quantities of materials and in-demand products, tariffs, and regulatory restrictions. In addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand, failure to comply with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations such as those outlined above may result in our being subject to claims, lawsuits, fines and adverse publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Fluctuations in product costs and availability due to inflationary pressures, fuel price uncertainty, supply chain constraints, increases in commodity prices, labor shortages and other factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Our product costs are affected, in part, by the costs of component materials. A substantial increase in the prices of raw materials or decrease in the availability of raw materials could dramatically increase the costs associated with manufacturing the products that we manufacture and that we purchase from our vendors, which could cause the price of our merchandise to increase and could have a negative impact on our sales and profitability. In addition, increases in commodity prices could also adversely affect our results of operations. If we increase the price of our products in order to maintain gross margins for our products, such increase may adversely affect demand for, and sales of, our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 11 Table of Contents We rely upon various means of third-party transportation to deliver products from vendors and our manufacturing facilities to our distribution centers, from our distribution centers to our stores, and directly to our athletes using our omni-channel platform. Consequently, our results may be affected by those factors affecting transportation, including the price of fuel and the availability of aircraft, ships, trucks, and drivers. The price of fuel and demand for transportation services has fluctuated significantly in recent years, and has resulted in increased costs for us and our vendors. In addition, changes in regulations may result in higher fuel costs through taxation, transportation restrictions or other means. Fluctuations in transportation costs and availability could adversely affect our results of operations. Labor shortages in the transportation industry could negatively affect transportation costs and our ability to supply our stores in a timely manner. In particular, our business is highly dependent on the shipping and trucking industry to deliver products to our distribution centers and our stores. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if we, or our vendors, are unable to secure adequate transportation resources at competitive prices to fulfill our delivery schedules to our distribution centers or our stores. Further, difficulties in moving products manufactured overseas and through the ports of North America, whether due to port congestion, government shutdowns, labor disputes, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors, including natural disasters or health pandemics, could negatively affect our business. A significant amount of our products are manufactured abroad, which subjects us to various international risks and costs, including foreign trade issues, currency exchange rate fluctuations, shipment delays and supply chain disruption and political instability, which could cause our sales and profitability to suffer. A significant portion of the products that we purchase as well as most of our vertical brand merchandise, is manufactured abroad. Foreign imports subject us to risk relating to changes in import duties quotas, the introduction of U.S. taxes on imported goods or the extension of U.S. income taxes on our foreign suppliers’ sales of imported goods through the adoption of destination-based income tax jurisdiction, loss of “most favored nation” status with the U.S., freight cost increases and economic and political uncertainties. We may also experience shipment delays caused by shipping port constraints, labor strikes, work stoppages, acts of war, including the current conflict in Ukraine, and terrorism, or other supply chain disruptions, including those caused by extreme weather, natural disasters, and pandemics and other public health concerns. Specifically, the ramifications of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic have caused delays in the manufacturing or shipping of products and raw materials. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic results in continuation or worsening of manufacturing and shipping delays and constraints, our vendors and suppliers will continue to have difficulty obtaining the materials necessary for the production, packaging and delivery of the products we sell, and we will continue to have inventory delays or product shortages in our stores and online. If any of these or other factors, including trade tensions between the U.S. and foreign nations, including China and Russia, were to cause a disruption of trade from the countries in which our vendors’ supplies or our vertical brand products’ manufacturers are located, our inventory levels may be reduced and/or the cost of our products may increase. We may need to seek alternative suppliers or vendors, raise prices, or make changes to our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we could be impacted by negative publicity or, in some cases, face potential liability to the extent that any foreign manufacturers from whom we directly or indirectly purchase products utilize labor, environmental, workplace safety and other practices that vary from those commonly accepted in the U.S. Also, the prices charged by foreign manufacturers may be affected by the fluctuation of their local currency against the U.S. dollar and the price of raw materials, which could cause the cost of our products to increase and negatively impact our sales or profitability. 12 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Operations and Reputation If we are unable to predict or effectively react to changes in consumer demand or shopping patterns, we may lose athletes and our sales may decline. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand, preferences, and shopping patterns, which cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to continual change and evolution. We have adopted a fully omni-channel business model, as we strive to deliver a seamless shopping experience to our athletes through both online and in-store shopping experiences. For example, we must meet athletes’ expectations with respect to, among other things, creating appealing and consistent online experiences while also offering localized assortments of merchandise in our stores and online to appeal to local geographic and demographic tastes; offering differentiated and premium products and regionally relevant products; delivering elevated customer service; and providing desirable in-store experiences, fast and reliable delivery, and convenient return options. Our athletes have expectations about how they shop in stores or through eCommerce or more generally engage with businesses across different channels or media (through online and other digital or mobile channels or particular forms of social media), which may vary across demographics and may evolve rapidly. If we are unable to provide an omni-channel shopping experience across all channels that aligns with our athletes’ expectations and preferences, it could have an adverse impact on our revenues, business and results of operations. We often make advance commitments to purchase products, which may make it more difficult for us to adapt to rapidly-evolving changes in consumer preferences. Furthermore, supply chain challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors have made it more difficult to obtain certain in-demand products. Our sales could decline significantly if we misjudge the market for our new merchandise, which may result in significant merchandise markdowns and lower margins, missed opportunities for other products, or inventory write-downs, and could have a negative impact on our reputation, profitability and demand. Failure to meet stockholder expectations, particularly with respect to earnings, sales, and operating margins, could also result in volatility in the market value of our stock. Omni-channel growth in our business is complex and there are risks associated with operating our own eCommerce platform, including those relating to confidential athlete data. Our internal eCommerce platform allows us to improve the functionality and performance of our website and mobile applications and have more control over the athletes’ online shopping experience with less reliance on third parties. Maintaining and continuing to improve our eCommerce platform involves substantial investment of capital and resources, integrating multiple information and management systems, increasing supply chain and distribution capabilities, attracting, developing and retaining qualified personnel with relevant subject matter expertise, and effectively managing and improving the athlete experience. This involves substantial risk, including risk of cost overruns, website downtime and other technology disruptions, supply and distribution delays, and other issues that can affect the successful operation of our eCommerce platform. Technological disruptions can result from delays, or downtime caused by high volumes of users or transactions, deficiencies in design or implementation, platform enhancements, power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, ransomware or other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers or sophisticated organizations, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our teammates. If we are not able to successfully operate and continually improve our eCommerce platform to provide a user-friendly, secure eCommerce experience offering merchandise and delivery options expected by our athletes, we could be placed at a competitive disadvantage and our reputation, operations, financial results, and future growth could be materially adversely affected. Our vertical brand offerings and new specialty concept stores expose us to potential increased costs and certain additional risks. We develop and offer our athletes vertical brand products that are not available from other retailers, and expect to continue growing our exclusive vertical brand offerings. We also may develop and introduce new store concepts and formats. Considerable resources are needed to develop new brands and store concepts and formats, and there is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful. Unexpected or increased costs or delays in development of the brand, excessive demands on management resources, legal or regulatory constraints, changes in consumer demands and shopping patterns regarding sporting goods, or a determination that consumer demand no longer supports the brand or retail concept could cause us to curtail or abandon any of our new brands or new store concepts or formats at any time which could result in asset impairments and inventory write-downs. 13 Table of Contents Additional risks relating to our vertical brand offerings include increased potential product liability and product recalls for which we do not have third-party indemnification and contractual rights or remedies; increased potential reputational risks related to the responsible sourcing of our vertical brand products; increased costs for labor or raw materials used to manufacture products; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights (e.g., defending against counterfeit or otherwise unauthorized goods); our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; and our ability to successfully administer and comply with obligations under license agreements that we have with third-party licensors of certain brands. Harm to our reputation could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain athletes and teammates. Negative publicity or perceptions involving us or our brands, products, vendors, spokespersons, or marketing and other partners, or failure to detect, prevent, mitigate or address issues giving rise to reputational risk could adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition, and may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain athletes and teammates. Issues that might pose a reputational risk include: an inability to provide an omni-channel experience that meets the expectations of consumers; failure of our cyber-security measures to protect against data breaches; product liability, product recalls, and product boycotts; our handling of issues relating to environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters, including inclusion and diversity, and the transparency of our progress toward ESG goals and initiatives; our response to the COVID-19 pandemic; our social media activity; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; our policies related to the sale of firearms and accessories; public stances on controversial social or political issues; product sponsorship relationships, including those with celebrity spokespersons, influencers or group affiliations; and any of the other risks enumerated in these risk factors. In addition, our sales could be negatively impacted by negative publicity or perception involving professional sports leagues or individual teams, including in relation to decisions made by them in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, the prevalence of social media and a constant, on-demand news cycle may accelerate and in the short-term increase the potential scope of any negative publicity we or others might receive and could increase the negative impact of these issues on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our strategic plans and initiatives may initially result in a negative impact on our financial results and such plans and initiatives may not achieve the desired results within the anticipated time frame or at all. Our ability to successfully implement and execute our strategic plans and initiatives depends on many factors, some of which are out of our control. For example, a strategic determination to increase promotional activities in response to challenging conditions in the retail market may not achieve the desired results and would negatively impact our gross profit margin. Our focus on long-term strategic investments, including investments in our digital capabilities, our eCommerce platform, improvements to the athlete experience in our stores and online, our supply chain, enhancements to our ScoreCard loyalty program, the continued development of our vertical brands and specialty concepts, and improving teammate productivity, may require significant capital investment and management attention at the expense of other business initiatives and may take longer than anticipated to achieve the desired return. Additionally, any new initiative is subject to certain risks, including athlete acceptance, competition, product differentiation, and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to support the initiative. An inability to execute our real estate strategy could affect our financial results. Our financial performance depends on our ability to optimize our store lease portfolio, including opening new stores and relocating existing stores in desirable locations, renewing leases for existing stores, restructuring leases for existing stores to obtain more favorable renewal terms, refreshing and remodeling existing stores, and, if necessary, closing underperforming stores. There is no assurance that we will be able to locate desirable real estate for new stores or relocations of existing stores, or that an existing store will continue to be profitable in its current location. Additionally, our ability to negotiate favorable lease terms on a new store location or a relocation of an existing store, or in connection with an expiring lease, remodel, consolidation, or closing depends on conditions in the real estate market, competition for desirable properties, our relationships with current and prospective landlords, and other factors that are not within our control. We may incur lease costs that are excessive and cause operating margins to be below acceptable levels if we are unable to negotiate appropriate terms. If an existing store is not profitable, we might be required to record an impairment charge and we may not be able to terminate the lease associated with the underperforming store. Since our leases generally do not allow for termination prior to the end of the lease term without economic consequences, if we decide to close a store, we are generally required to continue to pay rent for the balance of the lease term and might also incur termination charges. We may remain liable for certain lease obligations where we are able to assign a location if the assignee or sublessee does not perform. 14 Table of Contents Furthermore, the success of our stores depends on a number of factors including the sustained success of the shopping center where the store is located, consumer demographics, and consumer shopping habits and patterns. Changes in consumer shopping habits and patterns, reduced customer traffic in the shopping centers where our stores are located, financial difficulties of our landlords, anchor tenants or a significant number of other retailers, and shopping center vacancies or closures, all of which have been amplified as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic could impact the profitability of our stores and increase the likelihood that our landlords fail to fulfill their obligations and conditions under our lease agreements. We may need to respond to declines in customer traffic or conversion rates by increasing markdowns or promotions to attract athletes, which could adversely impact our financial results. Our business relies on our distribution and fulfillment network and our customer support center. An inability to optimize this network or a disruption to the network, including delays or failures by independent third-party transportation providers, could cause us to lose merchandise, be unable to effectively deliver merchandise to our stores and athletes, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The ability to optimize our distribution and fulfillment network, which includes our owned and leased distribution centers and eCommerce fulfillment center, and our stores that serve as forward distribution points, and avoid disruptions, depends on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including severe weather conditions, natural disasters, health pandemics or other catastrophic events, problems with our information technology systems, labor disagreements or other shipping problems, and general economic and real estate conditions. We may not be able to maintain our existing distribution and fulfillment network if the cost of the facilities increase or the location of a facility is no longer desirable. In those cases, we may not be able to locate suitable alternative sites or modify or enter into new leases on acceptable terms. Furthermore, we may need to locate new sites for additional eCommerce fulfillment centers to satisfy omni-channel demand. If we cannot locate suitable locations for these fulfillment centers on acceptable terms, we will need to increase reliance on our store network, third-party logistic fulfillment centers, our distribution centers, and vendors to help meet our fulfillment needs. An inability to optimize our distribution and fulfillment network, including the expiration of a lease or an unexpected lease termination at one of our facilities (without timely replacement of the applicable facility) or serious disruptions (including natural disasters or closures of distribution and fulfillment centers due to COVID-19) at any of these facilities might impair our ability to adequately stock our stores, process returns of products to vendors and fulfill eCommerce orders at the speed expected by athletes, increase costs associated with shipping and delivery, damage a material portion of our inventory, and otherwise negatively affect our operations, sales, profitability, and reputation. In addition, we rely on independent third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our merchandise shipments, including shipments to our stores and directly to athletes through our eCommerce platform. As noted elsewhere in our risk factors, our use of third-party delivery services for shipments subjects us to various risks, which could impact a shipper’s ability to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs and satisfy athletes’ expectations. If we change shipping companies, we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely impact deliveries and we would incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from the independent third-party transportation providers we currently use, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operational results, financial position and cash flows. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential athlete, teammate, vendor or Company information could result in substantial costs and reputational damage, harm our business and standing with our athletes and could subject us to litigation and enforcement actions. The protection of our data as well as athlete and teammate data is critical. As with most retailers, we collect, receive, store, manage, transmit and delete confidential athlete data, including payment card and personally identifiable information, in the normal course of customer transactions, as well as other confidential and sensitive information, such as personal information about our teammates and our vendors, and confidential Company information. We also work with third-party vendors and service providers that provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the collection, storage and transmission of this information. While we have taken significant steps to protect athlete and others’ confidential information, the intentional or negligent actions of third parties, business associates or teammates may undermine our existing security measures and allow unauthorized parties to obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate confidential data. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cyber-security risks. There can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent a future compromise of our athlete transaction processing capabilities and other personal data. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, disable, degrade, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. We have implemented and regularly review and update our systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. 15 Table of Contents While we have no knowledge of any material data security breaches to date, any compromise of our data security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws or standards, significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of our insurance coverage, interruption of our operations, increased operating costs associated with remediation, equipment acquisitions or disposal, added personnel, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business, reputation or investor confidence. In addition, data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers’ willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers of our uses of their information or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information could attract a substantial amount of media attention, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of litigation and material liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. Further, the data privacy and cyber-security regulatory environment is constantly changing, with new and increasingly rigorous and complex requirements. Maintaining our compliance with those requirements, including recently enacted state consumer privacy laws, may require significant effort and cost, require changes to our business practices, and limit our ability to obtain data used to provide a personalized customer experience. In addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, lawsuits or reputational damage. Problems with our information systems could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations. We utilize a number of third-party information systems for core system needs of our business, including our use of an independent service provider for electronic payment processing. If any of these systems fail to function properly, it could disrupt our operations, including our ability to track, record and analyze the merchandise that we sell, process shipments of goods, process financial information or credit card transactions, deliver products or engage in similar normal business activities. If any of these independent service providers become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us or if the cost of using these providers increases, our business could be harmed. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses, worms, ransomware, and other malicious computer programs; denial-of-service attacks; security breaches (through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers or sophisticated organizations); catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes; and usage errors by our teammates. Additionally, we have adopted a hybrid remote work environment which relies on the efficiency and functionality of our information systems. If our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our business operations. Any material disruption, malfunction or other similar problems in or with our core information systems could negatively impact our financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations. We may be unable to attract, train, engage and retain key personnel and teammates. Our long-term success and ability to implement our strategic and business planning processes depends in large part on our ability to continue to attract, retain, train and develop key personnel and qualified teammates in all areas of the organization. Our stores depend significantly on our ability to hire and retain quality teammates, including store managers and sales associates, and our athletes expect a high level of service and product knowledge from our teammates when they visit our stores. The market for non-entry level personnel, particularly for associates with retail expertise, is highly competitive. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates, unemployment levels, and health and other insurance costs; the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, immigration, minimum wage, and healthcare benefits; changing demographics; and our reputation within the labor market. Recently, various legislative movements have sought to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States and the minimum wage in a number of individual states, some of which have been successful at the state level. As federal or state minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage teammates, but also the wages paid to our other hourly teammates. Should we fail to increase our wages competitively in response to increasing wage rates, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our customer service to suffer. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating costs, financial condition and results of operations. We also compete with other retail businesses for many of our teammates in hourly positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job satisfaction. These positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. 16 Table of Contents In addition, in order to continue to build and enhance our omni-channel platform, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including teammates who staff our distribution centers and technology professionals to implement our ongoing technology and other strategic investments. The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. An inability to provide wages and/or benefits that are competitive within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract these teammates. Further, changes in market compensation rates may adversely affect our labor costs. The loss of one or more of our key executives or the inability to successfully attract and retain executive officers or implement effective succession planning strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our long-term success and ability to implement our strategic and business planning processes depends in large part on our ability to continue to attract and retain executive management. All teammates, including members of our executive management and key personnel, are at-will employees, and we generally do not maintain key-person life insurance policies on our teammates. The loss of any one or more of our executive management, including our President & Chief Executive Officer, Lauren Hobart, or other key personnel could seriously harm our business. Additionally, effective succession planning for executive management and key personnel is vital to our long-term continued success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge, maintenance of our culture, setting of strategic direction, and smooth transitions involving executive management and key personnel could hinder our long-term strategies and success. Furthermore, our success depends on continued service from Edward W. Stack, our Executive Chairman, who began operating the Company in 1984 and continues to oversee our merchandising group and key strategic growth initiatives. Mr. Stack possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and challenges that we and the industry face. If Mr. Stack no longer serves a role in our business, our results could be materially adversely affected. The relative seasonality of our operations, along with the current geographic concentrations of our stores, exposes us to certain risks. Our business is subject to seasonal influences and certain holidays and sports seasons during the year. Many of our stores are located in geographic areas that experience seasonally cold weather, and we sell a significant amount of cold weather sporting goods and apparel. Historically, our highest sales and operating income results have occurred during our second and fourth fiscal quarters, which is partly due to golf and team sports sales during the second quarter and partly due to the winter holiday season and our strong sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel in the fourth quarter. Results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the fiscal year. Poor performance during a quarter because of slow holiday seasons or unseasonable weather conditions, including unusually warm weather in the winter months or abnormally wet or cold weather in the spring or summer months, whether due to climate change or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results for the entire fiscal year. Unseasonable or extreme weather conditions, alone or together with natural disasters, as well as other catastrophic events, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Unseasonable or extreme weather conditions and natural disasters caused by climate change or otherwise and other catastrophic events in the areas in which our stores and/or distribution centers are located could negatively impact consumer shopping patterns, consumer confidence and disposable income, or otherwise could have a negative effect on our financial performance. Our business is susceptible to unseasonable weather conditions, particularly as it relates to seasonal apparel and equipment, which could lead to lost sales or greater than expected markdowns, and adversely affect our short-term results of operations. For example, extended periods of unseasonably warm temperatures during the winter season or cool weather during the summer season could reduce demand for a portion of our inventory and thereby reduce our sales and profitability. Weather-related volatility and change may be enhanced or exacerbated as a result of climate change. In addition, natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes, or a combination of these or other factors, could damage or destroy our facilities or make it difficult for customers to travel to our stores. Extreme weather conditions and/or natural disasters, or other catastrophic events in areas where we or our vendors have operations, including our stores and our distribution and eCommerce fulfillment centers, could result in disruption or delay of production and delivery of merchandise and products in our supply chain and cause staffing shortages in our stores, negatively affecting our business and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents We cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program. Any determination to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and the continuing determination from our Board of Directors that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. Furthermore, although our Board of Directors has recently authorized an additional five-year $2.0 billion share repurchase program, we are not obligated to make any purchases under the program and we may discontinue it at any time. For example, during the first quarter of 2020, the Company briefly suspended the payment of dividends and stock repurchases to bolster its cash position and maximize flexibility in response to uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Risks Related to Our Class B Common Stock and Other Anti-Takeover Mechanisms We are controlled by holders of our Class B common stock, whose interests may differ from other stockholders. Holders of our Class B common stock, who consist of our Executive Chairman, Mr. Edward W. Stack, his relatives and various trusts established for the benefit of their families, control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and Class B common stock and would control the outcome of a vote on any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to our stockholders for approval. The interests of the holders of Class B common stock may differ from the interests of our other stockholders and they may take actions with which our other stockholders disagree. The issuance of Class B common stock and other anti-takeover mechanisms could prevent or delay a change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include: authorizing the issuance of Class B common stock; authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; prohibiting the use of cumulative voting for the election of directors; prohibiting stockholder action by partial written consent and requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders or by unanimous written consent if our Class B common stock is no longer outstanding; and establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters to be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. In addition, the Delaware General Corporation Law, to which we are subject, prohibits us, except under specified circumstances, from engaging in any mergers, significant sales of stock or assets or business combinations with any stockholder or group of stockholders who owns 15% or more of our common stock. Risks Related to Third Parties and Legal and Regulatory Requirements We depend on our suppliers, distributors and manufacturers to provide us with sufficient quantities of quality products in a timely fashion. In fiscal 2021, we purchased merchandise from approximately 1,400 vendors. Purchases from Nike represented approximately 17% of our total merchandise purchases. Although in fiscal 2021 purchases from no other vendor represented 10% or more of our total purchases, our dependence on suppliers involves risk. We might be unable to obtain merchandise that consumers demand in a timely manner if there are disruptions in our relationships with key suppliers, which could cause our revenue to materially decline. We generally do not have long-term written contracts with our suppliers that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise. Key vendors may fail to deliver on their commitments or fail to supply us with sufficient products that comply with our safety and quality standards, whether as a result of supply chain disruptions (for example, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic) or other causes, or fail to continue to develop new products that create consumer demand. Furthermore, vendors increasingly sell their products directly to customers or through broadened or alternative distribution channels, such as department stores, family footwear stores, or eCommerce companies. Many of our suppliers also provide us with incentives, such as return privileges, volume purchasing allowances and cooperative advertising, which are not guaranteed. A decline or discontinuation of these incentives could reduce or eliminate our profit margins. 18 Table of Contents We are subject to costs and risks associated with a complex regulatory, compliance and legal environment, including increased or changing laws and regulations affecting our business. We operate in a complex regulatory and legal environment that exposes us to compliance and litigation risks that could materially affect our operations and financial results. In recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, enforcement of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies has been expanded, and the interpretation of certain laws and regulations have become increasingly complex. Some examples include, changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage or living wage requirements; the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees; the distinction between employees and contractors; other wage, labor or workplace regulations; and data privacy and cybersecurity. Establishing the necessary internal infrastructure to allow for the monitoring and other compliance requirements required by these new laws and regulations and enforcement efforts requires expenditure of considerable Company resources. In addition, laws at the federal, state or local level may change, sometimes significantly and unexpectedly, as a result of political, economic or social events. Some of the federal, state or local laws and regulations that affect us include those relating to consumer products, product liability and consumer protection; reducing the spread of COVID-19; eCommerce, data protection and privacy; advertisement and marketing; labor and employment; taxes, including changes to tax rates and new taxes, tariffs, and surcharges; firearms, ammunition, knives, food items or other regulated products; accounting, corporate governance and securities; custom or import; and intellectual property. Continued monitoring and efforts to ensure compliance with these regulations require considerable expenditure of Company teammate time and money, which could detract from other operational initiatives. Our sales and operating results could be adversely affected by product safety concerns. If the products that we offer, whether via national brands or our vertical brands, do not meet applicable safety standards or our athletes’ expectations regarding safety, we could experience decreased sales, increased costs, and/or be exposed to legal and reputational risk. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. Negative customer perceptions regarding the safety and sourcing of the products we sell, and events that give rise to actual, potential, or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation. Furthermore, reputational damage caused by real or perceived product safety concerns could have a negative impact on our sales and operating results. We may be subject to various types of litigation and other claims, and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover damages related to those claims. From time-to-time the Company or its subsidiaries may be involved in lawsuits or other claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including those related to federal or state wage and hour laws, product liability, consumer protection, advertising, employment, intellectual property, tort, privacy and data protection, disputes with landlords and vendors due to the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, claims from athletes or teammates alleging failure to maintain safe premises with respect to protocols relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other matters. We may incur losses relating to claims filed against us, including costs associated with defending against such claims, and there is risk that any such claims or liabilities will exceed our insurance coverage, or affect our ability to retain adequate liability insurance in the future. Even if a claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any such assertions could adversely affect our reputation. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and other claims, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such matters. We sell firearms and ammunition in some of our stores. These products are associated with an increased risk of injury and related lawsuits with respect to our compliance with Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (“ATF”) and state laws and regulations. Any improper or illegal use by our athletes of ammunition or firearms sold by us could have a negative impact on our reputation and business. We may incur losses due to lawsuits, including potential class actions, relating to our performance of background checks on firearms purchases and compliance with other sales laws and regulations as mandated by state and federal law and related to our policies on the sale of firearms and ammunition, or due to lawsuits relating to the improper use of firearms or ammunition sold by us, including lawsuits by municipalities or other organizations attempting to recover costs from manufacturers and retailers of firearms and ammunition. 19 Table of Contents Our inability or failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any third parties claiming that we have infringed on their intellectual property rights could negatively impact our brand or have a negative impact on our operating results. Our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, domain names and other intellectual property, including exclusive licensing rights, are valuable assets that are critical to our success. Effective trademark and other intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products are manufactured or may be made available. The unauthorized reproduction or other misappropriation of our intellectual property could diminish the value of our brands or goodwill and cause a decline in our revenue. In addition, any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us could be time-consuming to address, result in costly litigation, cause product delays, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or result in our loss of ownership or use of the intellectual property. Changes to tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our financial results or condition. Our effective income tax rates could be unfavorably impacted by a number of factors, including changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities; other changes in applicable tax laws, regulations, treaties, interpretations, and other guidance; changes in transfer pricing rules; and the outcome of income tax audits in various jurisdictions. Current economic and political considerations make tax rules in the United States and other applicable jurisdictions subject to significant change. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our income tax expense and profitability. Poor performance of professional sports teams within our core regions of operation, as well as league-wide lockouts, strikes or cancellations, retirement of or serious injury to key athletes or scandals involving such athletes could adversely affect our financial results. We sell a significant amount of professional sports team merchandise, the success of which may be subject to fluctuations based on the success or failure of such teams or their key players. Poor performance by the professional sports teams within our core regions of operations; league-wide lockouts or strikes; and disruptions to, cancellations of, or negative publicity regarding sports leagues and major sporting events due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related protocols, could cause our financial results to fluctuate year-over-year. In addition, to the extent we use individual athletes to market our products and advertise our stores or we sell merchandise branded by one or more athletes, the retirement or injury of such athletes or scandals in which they might be implicated could negatively impact our financial results. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Strategic Transactions We may pursue strategic alliances, acquisitions or investments and the failure of an alliance, acquisition or investment to produce the anticipated results or the inability to successfully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business. We continually assess shareholder value and f rom time-to-time, we may enter into strategic alliances or acquire or invest in complementary companies or businesses. The success of strategic alliances, acquisitions, and investments is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration and other factors relating to such businesses. There can be no assurance that our strategic alliances, acquisitions, or investments will produce the anticipated results within the expected time frame or at all. Strategic alliances, acquisitions, and investments may also result in the diversion of capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. Furthermore, acquisitions may result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill or other intangibles, any of which could harm our financial condition. We also may not be able to successfully integrate operations that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, supply chain and other operations, which could adversely affect our business. 20 Table of Contents Our ability to operate and expand our business and to respond to changing business and economic conditions is dependent upon the availability of adequate capital. In addition to certain restrictions imposed by the terms of our revolving credit facility (“Revolving Credit Facility”), our 3.15% senior notes due 2032 (the “2032 Notes”) and our 4.10% senior notes due 2052 (the “2052 Notes” and together with the 2032 Notes, the “Notes”), weakness in the capital markets could also negatively impact our access to capital. The operation and growth of our business, including opening new stores, expanding our eCommerce business, implementing long-term initiatives, pursuing strategic acquisitions or investments, and our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions depend on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn depends on cash flow generated by our business and, if necessary, the availability of equity or debt capital. Our Revolving Credit Facility contains provisions that limit certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional unsecured indebtedness, and our Revolving Credit Facility and the indenture that governs our Notes contain provisions that limit the Company’s and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to incur secured indebtedness and our ability to sell all or substantially all of our assets, in each case subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications, the proceeds of which might otherwise be used to finance our operations. In the event of our insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, the lenders under our Revolving Credit Facility and the holders of our Notes would be entitled to payment in full from our assets before distributions, if any, were made to our stockholders. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, and if availability under our Revolving Credit Facility is not sufficient to meet our capital needs, we may have to obtain additional financing. Any future constriction of the credit and public capital markets, including debt markets, or deterioration of our financial condition due to internal or external factors, could restrict or limit our ability to access capital and could increase the cost of financing sources. We may not be able to obtain such refinancing or additional financing on favorable terms or at all. Our liquidity or access to capital could also be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in the financial markets and global economy. Our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness. We may be forced to take certain actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or we may experience a financial failure. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations, including our $575 million of 3.25% convertible senior notes due 2025 (“Convertible Senior Notes”), $750 million of 2032 Notes and $750 million of 2052 Notes and our $1.6 billion Revolving Credit Facility, will depend on our financial and operating performance. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the Convertible Senior Notes, the 2032 Notes, the 2052 Notes or the Revolving Credit Facility. We may not be able to take any of these actions, these actions may not be successful or may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations and these actions may not be permitted under the terms of our future debt agreements. In the absence of sufficient operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or obtain sufficient proceeds from those dispositions to meet our debt service and other obligations then due. Our current and future indebtedness could have negative consequences for our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: • increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; • requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; • limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; • diluting the interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes; and • placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 21 Table of Contents In addition, our Revolving Credit Facility contains certain restrictive covenants, including covenants that limit certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional unsecured indebtedness, and our Revolving Credit Facility and the indenture that governs our Notes contain provisions that limit the Company’s and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to incur secured indebtedness and our ability to sell all or substantially all of our assets, in each case subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications, among other things. Any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain, restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under our other indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under our indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that and our other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. Provisions in the indenture governing the Convertible Senior Notes and the indenture governing the 2032 Notes and the 2052 Notes could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us. Certain provisions in the indenture governing the Convertible Senior Notes and the indenture governing the 2032 Notes and the 2052 Notes could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, under the indenture governing the Convertible Senior Notes, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their Convertible Senior Notes for cash, and if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. Under the indenture governing the 2032 Notes and the 2052 Notes, if a takeover results in a change of control triggering event, then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their 2032 Notes and 2052 Notes for cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the indenture governing the Convertible Senior Notes and the indenture governing the 2032 Notes and the 2052 Notes could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable. The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our common stock. In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions with the hedge counterparties that cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of common stock that initially underlie the Convertible Senior Notes. Concurrently with the entry into the convertible note hedge transactions, we entered into separate, privately negotiated warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties collectively relating to the same number of shares of our common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, and for which we will receive premiums to partially offset the cost of entering into the hedge transactions. The convertible note hedge transactions are intended to reduce the potential dilution with respect to our common stock or offset any potential cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Senior Notes, as the case may be, upon any conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes. The warrant transactions could have a dilutive effect with respect to our common stock to the extent that the price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions. In connection with establishing and maintaining their initial hedge positions with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant transactions, we understand that the hedge counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant transactions from time-to-time by purchasing or selling shares of our common stock or the Convertible Senior Notes in privately negotiated transactions or open-market transactions or by entering into or unwinding various over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock. The effect, if any, of these activities on the trading price of our common stock will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, and is uncertain at this time. Any of these activities could, however, adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. The hedge counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that they might default under certain of the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the hedge counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Global economic conditions have from time-to-time resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If a hedge counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with that hedge counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors, but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by a hedge counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of any hedge counterparty. 22 Table of Contents Conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes or exercise of the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including noteholders who have previously converted their notes. At our election, we may settle Convertible Senior Notes tendered for conversion entirely or partly in shares of our common stock. Furthermore, the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions are expected to be settled on a net-share basis. As a result, the conversion of some or all of the Convertible Senior Notes or the exercise of some or all of such warrants may dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes or such exercise of the warrants could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Convertible Senior Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes could depress the price of our common stock.