Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 22 Item 2. Properties 23 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 25 Item 6. Reserved 26 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 38 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 39 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 67 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 67 Item 9B. Other Information 69 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 69 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 69 Item 11. Executive Compensation 69 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 69 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 70 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 70 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 70 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 72 Signatures 73 3 Table of Contents Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they address future events, developments and results and do not relate strictly to historical facts. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “view,” “target” or “estimate,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “predict,” “possible,” “potential,” “continue,” “strategy,” and similar expressions. For example, our forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding: • The potential effect of general business or economic conditions on our business, including the direct and indirect effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, labor shortages, consumer spending levels, and unemployment in our markets; • The uncertainty of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and public health measures on our business and results of operations, including uncertainties surrounding shipping delays and other disruptions in our supply chain or sources of supply, the physical and financial health of our customers, and the effectiveness and duration of government assistance programs to individuals, households and businesses to support consumer spending; • Our expectations regarding higher oceanic shipping and domestic freight and fuel costs, and our plans to manage these cost increases; • Our expectations regarding increased expenses for higher wages and bonuses paid to associates, including increases in the minimum wage by States and localities, potential federal legislation increasing the minimum wage, and a potential increase in the minimum salary for exempt store managers; • Our expectations regarding continued disruptions and delays in shipping from China and other parts of Asia, and the impact of such disruptions and delays on our product availability, product mix, sales, and merchandise margin. • Our growth plans, including our plans to add, renovate, re-banner, expand, remodel, relocate or close stores and any related costs or charges, our leasing strategy for future expansion, and our ability to renew leases at existing store locations; • Our anticipated sales, comparable store net sales, net sales growth, gross profit margin, costs of goods sold (including product mix), shrink rates, earnings and earnings growth, inventory levels, selling, general and administrative and other fixed costs, and our ability to leverage those costs; • The expected and possible outcome, costs, and impact of pending or potential litigation, arbitrations, other legal proceedings or governmental investigations, including (a) the proceeding by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) arising out of or relating to: (i) products manufactured by certain Chinese factories, (ii) the inspection by the FDA and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”) and pending FDA compliance process with respect to our West Memphis, Arkansas Family Dollar distribution center (“Arkansas FDA Matter”), (iii) a voluntary retail level product recall we initiated in February 2022 in connection with the Arkansas FDA Matter, (b) several proposed class action complaints filed against Family Dollar pertaining to circumstances underlying the Arkansas FDA Matter, (c) the federal grand jury subpoena relating to issues associated with our West Memphis, Arkansas Family Dollar distribution center, and/or (d) the facts relating to the matters described in (a), (b) or (c) above; • Our plans to renovate existing Family Dollar stores and build new stores in the H2 store format, including an increase in the number of stores with freezers and coolers and the roll-out of adult beverages, and the performance of that format on our results of operations; • Our plans and expectations relating to the introduction of additional price points above $1 in our Dollar Tree stores; • Our plans relating to new store openings and new store concepts such as Dollar Tree Plus and our Combination Store format; • The impact of trade relations and the ongoing trade dispute between the United States and China, including the actual and potential effect of Section 301 tariffs on Chinese goods imposed by the United States Trade Representative, uncertainties surrounding the policies of the current presidential administration, and other potential impediments to imports; • Our expectations regarding an increase in imports and the resulting payment of a higher amount of Section 301 tariffs in 2022; • The reliability of, and cost associated with, our sources of supply, particularly imported goods such as those sourced from China and domestic goods which are in higher demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 4 Table of Contents • The effect of changes in labor laws, and the effect of the Fair Labor Standards Act as it relates to the qualification of our managers for exempt status, minimum wage and health care law; • Our seasonal sales patterns and customer demand including those relating to the important holiday selling seasons and party merchandise; • The average size and productivity of our stores, including those to be added in 2022 and beyond; • Our cash needs, including our ability to fund our future capital expenditures, working capital requirements and repurchases of common stock under our repurchase program, and our ability to service our debt obligations, including our expected annual interest expense; • Our expectations regarding the construction of new distribution centers and the capabilities of our distribution center network; • Our expectations regarding higher commodity and other costs associated with the build-out of new stores and the renovation of existing stores, and construction, permitting and inspection delays related to new store openings; • Our expectations regarding competition and our potential for long-term growth; • Our assessment of the impact on us of certain actions by activist shareholders and our potential responses to these actions; • Our assessment of the materiality and impact on our business of recent accounting pronouncements adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board; • Management’s estimates and expectations as they relate to income tax liabilities, deferred income taxes, uncertain tax positions, and recognition of stock-based compensation; and • Management’s estimates associated with our critical accounting estimates, including inventory valuation, self-insurance liabilities and valuations for our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment analyses. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future results, events or circumstances. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are all based on currently available operating, financial and business information. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ,” “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Investors should also be aware that while we do, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts and others, it is against our policy to disclose to them any material, nonpublic information or other confidential commercial information. Accordingly, shareholders should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any securities analyst regardless of the content of the statement or report. Furthermore, we have a policy against confirming projections, forecasts or opinions issued by others. Thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not our responsibility. Introductory Note Unless otherwise stated, references to “we,” “our” and “us” generally refer to Dollar Tree, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Unless specifically indicated otherwise, any references to “2022” or “fiscal 2022,” “2021” or “fiscal 2021,” “2020” or “fiscal 2020,” and “2019” or “fiscal 2019,” relate to as of or for the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, January 30, 2021 and February 1, 2020, respectively. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on our website 5 Table of Contents at www.dollartree.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing of such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). 6 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a leading operator of discount variety stores with a solid history of growth and performance. Our stores operate under the brand names of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar and Dollar Tree Canada. At January 29, 2022, we operated 16,077 discount variety retail stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces and over the long-term, we believe that the market can support more than 10,000 Dollar Tree stores and 15,000 Family Dollar stores across the United States, and approximately 1,000 Dollar Tree stores in Canada. We believe the convenience and value we offer are key factors in serving and growing our base of loyal customers. We operate in two reporting business segments: Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. For discussion of the operating results of our reporting business segments, refer to “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” under the caption “Segment Information” and Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. We execute a dual-banner strategy that aims to offer the best of our brands in various store formats to serve customers in all types of geographic markets. Dollar Tree is the leading operator of discount variety stores offering merchandise predominantly at the fixed price point of $1.25. Dollar Tree stores serve a broad range of income customers in suburban locations, striving continuously to “Wow” the customer with a compelling, fun and fresh merchandise assortment comprising a variety of the things the customer wants and needs, all at incredible values in bright, clean and friendly stores. Family Dollar operates general merchandise retail discount stores providing customers with a selection of competitively-priced merchandise in convenient neighborhood stores. Family Dollar primarily serves a lower than average income customer in urban and rural locations, offering great values on everyday items. We are committed to growing our combined business through new store openings and through our store relocation, expansion and remodel program. We plan to open new stores in underserved markets and to strategically increase our presence in our existing markets. We are executing our strategic initiatives including Dollar Tree Plus and the Family Dollar H2 and Combination Store (or Combo Store) format initiatives. We are focused on revitalizing our assortment in every store by leveraging the complementary merchandise expertise of each segment, including Dollar Tree’s sourcing and product development expertise and Family Dollar’s consumer package goods and national brands sourcing expertise. These initiatives are discussed further in the overview of each segment below. Corporate Culture We believe that honesty and integrity, and treating people fairly and with respect are core values within our corporate culture. We believe that running a business, and certainly a public company, carries with it a responsibility to be above reproach when making operational and financial decisions. Our executive management team visits and shops at our stores like every customer, and ideas and individual creativity on the part of our associates are encouraged, particularly from our store managers who know their stores and their customers. We have standards for store displays, merchandise presentation, and store operations. We maintain an open door policy for all associates. Our distribution centers are operated based on objective measures of performance and virtually everyone in our store support center is available to assist associates in our stores and distribution centers. For more information, see Human Capital Resources below. Our disclosure committee meets at least quarterly and monitors our internal controls over financial reporting to ensure that our public filings contain discussions about the potential risks our business faces. We believe that we have appropriate controls in place to be able to certify our financial statements. Additionally, we have complied with the listing requirements for the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Dollar Tree The Dollar Tree segment includes 8,061 stores operating under the Dollar Tree and Dollar Tree Canada brands, 15 distribution centers in the United States and two in Canada. Our stores predominantly range from 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet. During the third quarter of 2021, we announced our new pricing initiative to increase the price point on a majority of our $1.00 merchandise to a new $1.25 price point across our Dollar Tree stores in the United States. We believe that the new pricing strategy will enable us to introduce new products and expand our merchandise assortment in Dollar Tree stores while maintaining great value for our customers. At January 29, 2022, the new price point was rolled out to more than 5,800 of our stores and we completed the rollout to the remaining stores in the first quarter of 2022. We continue to implement our Dollar Tree Plus initiative which provides our customers with extraordinary value in discretionary categories priced at the $3 and $5 price points. During 2021, we entered into a partnership with Instacart and as of January 29, 2022, our customers can shop online and receive same-day delivery from nearly 7,000 Dollar Tree stores without having to visit a store. In our Dollar Tree Canada stores, we sell items principally for $1.25(CAD) or less. Our revenue and assets in Canada are not material. We are the owners of several trademarks including “Dollar Tree” and the “Dollar Tree” logo. 7 Table of Contents We strive to exceed our customers’ expectations of the variety and quality of products they can purchase by offering items we believe typically sell for higher prices elsewhere. We buy approximately 57% to 59% of our merchandise domestically and import the remaining 41% to 43%. Our domestic purchases include basic, home, closeouts and promotional merchandise. We believe our mix of imported and domestic merchandise affords our buyers flexibility that allows them to consistently exceed our customers’ expectations. In addition, direct relationships with manufacturers permit us to select from a broad range of products and customize packaging, product sizes and package quantities that meet our customers’ needs. We carry approximately 7,000 items in our Dollar Tree stores and as of the end of fiscal 2021 approximately 30% of our items are automatically replenished. The remaining items are pushed to the stores and a portion can be reordered by our store managers on a weekly basis. Through automatic replenishment and our store managers’ ability to order product, each store manager is able to satisfy the demands of their particular customer base. We maintain a balanced selection of products within traditional variety store categories. We offer a wide selection of everyday basic products and we supplement these basic, everyday items with seasonal, closeout and promotional merchandise. We attempt to keep certain basic consumable merchandise in our stores continuously to establish our stores as a destination and increase traffic in our stores. Closeout and promotional merchandise is purchased opportunistically and represents less than 10% of our purchases. The merchandise mix in our Dollar Tree stores consists of: • consumable merchandise, which includes everyday consumables such as household paper and chemicals, food, candy, health and personal care products, and in many stores, frozen and refrigerated food; • variety merchandise, which includes toys, durable housewares, gifts, stationery, party goods, greeting cards, softlines, arts and crafts supplies and other items; and • seasonal goods, which include, among others, Christmas, Easter, Halloween and Valentine’s Day merchandise. For information regarding the amounts and percentages of our net sales contributed by the above merchandise categories for the last three fiscal years, please refer to Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. Family Dollar In our 8,016 Family Dollar stores, we sell merchandise at prices that generally range from $1.00 to $10.00. Our stores predominantly range from 6,000 - 8,000 selling square feet. The Family Dollar segment consists of our store operations under the Family Dollar brand and 11 distribution centers. We have two primary initiatives for our Family Dollar stores, the H2 format and our Combo Store format, both of which incorporate elements of our Dollar Tree stores into Family Dollar stores. The H2 model stores include approximately 20 Dollar Tree $1.25 merchandise sections and establish a minimum number of freezer and cooler doors, throughout the store. As of January 29, 2022, we operated approximately 3,815 H2 stores. The Combo Store format, which was designed specifically for small towns and rural communities with populations of 3,000 to 4,000 residents, blends Family Dollar’s great value and assortment with select Dollar Tree merchandise categories under one roof. As of January 29, 2022, we operated more than 240 Combo Stores. Our new and renovated H2 and Combo Stores have higher sales and operating income margins compared with legacy Family Dollar stores. During 2021, we entered into a partnership with Instacart and as of January 29, 2022, our customers can shop online and receive same-day delivery from more than 6,000 Family Dollar stores without having to visit a store. We are the owners of the trademarks “Family Dollar,” “Family Dollar Stores” and other names and designs of certain merchandise sold in Family Dollar stores. Our Family Dollar stores provide customers with a quality, high-value assortment of basic necessities and seasonal merchandise. We offer competitively-priced national brands from leading manufacturers alongside name brand equivalent-value, lower-priced private labels. We purchase merchandise from a wide variety of suppliers and generally have not experienced difficulty in obtaining adequate quantities of merchandise. In fiscal 2021, we purchased approximately 14% of our merchandise through our relationship with McLane Company, Inc., which distributes consumable merchandise from multiple manufacturers. In addition, approximately 16% of our merchandise is imported directly. While the number of items in a given store can vary based on the store’s size, geographic location, merchandising initiatives and other factors, our typical Family Dollar store generally carries approximately 7,600 basic items alongside items that are ever-changing and seasonally-relevant throughout the year. The merchandise mix in our Family Dollar stores consists of: • consumable merchandise, which includes food and beverages, tobacco, health and personal care products, household chemicals, paper products, hardware and automotive supplies, diapers, batteries, and pet food and supplies; • home products, which include housewares, home décor, giftware, and domestics, including comforters, sheets and towels; 8 Table of Contents • apparel and accessories merchandise, which includes clothing, fashion accessories and shoes; and • seasonal and electronics merchandise, which includes Christmas, Easter, Halloween and Valentine’s Day merchandise, personal electronics, including pre-paid cellular phones and services, stationery and school supplies, and toys. For information regarding the amounts and percentages of our net sales contributed by the above merchandise categories for the last three fiscal years, please refer to Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. Purchasing We believe our substantial buying power and our flexibility in making sourcing decisions contributes to our successful purchasing strategy, which includes targeted merchandise margin goals by category. We leverage our merchandising team to source products that can be sold in both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores. We also believe our ability to negotiate with our vendor partners allows us to minimize the margin impact of economic pressures such as tariffs. We buy products on an order-by-order basis and have no material long-term purchase contracts or other assurances of continued product supply or guaranteed product cost. Historically, no vendor has accounted for more than 10% of total merchandise purchased by us. Our merchandise systems provide us with valuable sales information to assist our buyers and improve product allocation to our stores. We use this information to target our inventory levels in our distribution centers and stores in order to plan for capacity and labor needs. Distribution A strong and efficient distribution network is critical to our ability to grow and to maintain a low-cost operating structure. We currently operate 26 distribution centers in the United States, 15 of which are primarily dedicated to serving our Dollar Tree stores and 11 distribution centers primarily serve our Family Dollar stores. Our St. George, Utah distribution center, which is a legacy Family Dollar facility, services both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores and we expect future distribution centers to be built with the capability to service both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores. New distribution sites are strategically located to reduce stem miles, maintain flexibility and improve efficiency in our store service areas. We expect to complete a significant expansion of our Ocala, Florida distribution center in 2024 which will include more modern automation. Our Dollar Tree stores receive approximately 91% of their inventory from our distribution centers via contract carriers and our Family Dollar stores receive approximately 71% of their inventory from our distribution centers. The remaining store inventory, primarily perishable consumable items and other vendor-maintained display items, are delivered directly to our stores from vendors. Our Family Dollar stores receive approximately 14% of their merchandise from McLane Company, Inc. For more information on our distribution center network, see “