Item 1A. Risk Factors 12 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 19 Item 2. Properties 20 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 25 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 75 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 75 Item 9B. Other Information 77 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 77 Item 11. Executive Compensation 77 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 77 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 77 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 77 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 77 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 80 Signatures 81 3 Table of Contents A WARNING ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Form 10-K”) contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they address future events, developments and results and do not relate strictly to historical facts. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “view,” “target” or “estimate,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “predict,” “possible,” “potential,” “continue,” “strategy,” and similar expressions. For example, our forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding: • the potential effect of inflation and other general business or economic conditions on our costs and profitability, including the potential effect of future changes in prevailing wage rates and overtime regulations and our plans to address these changes, shipping rates, domestic and import freight costs (including the effects of potential disruptions and increases in domestic freight costs due to the shortage in truck drivers), fuel costs and wage and benefit costs, consumer spending levels, and population, employment and job growth and/or losses in our markets; • the ability to retain key personnel at Family Dollar and Dollar Tree, including in connection with the consolidation of the Family Dollar headquarters from North Carolina to Virginia; • our anticipated sales, comparable store net sales, net sales growth, gross profit margin, earnings and earnings growth, inventory levels and our ability to leverage selling, general and administrative and other fixed costs; • the outcome and costs of pending or potential litigation or governmental investigations; • our growth plans, including our plans to add, renovate, re-banner, expand, relocate or close stores and any related costs or charges, our anticipated square footage increase, and our ability to renew leases at existing store locations; • the effect of changes in trade and labor laws, including the actual and potential effect of Section 301 tariffs on Chinese goods imposed by the United States Trade Representative, the potential effect of anti-dumping duties imposed by the United States Department of Commerce, and the effect of the Fair Labor Standards Act as it relates to the qualification of our managers for exempt status, minimum wage and health care law; • the average size of our stores to be added in 2019 and beyond; • the effect of our consumable merchandise initiatives, including the increase in the number of our stores with freezers and coolers and the roll-outs of adult beverage and Snack Zone, on our results of operations; • the effect of the Family Dollar store support center consolidation, renovation initiative, store closings and other initiatives on Family Dollar’s sales and costs; • the net sales per square foot, net sales and operating income of our stores; • the benefits, results and effects of the Family Dollar acquisition and integration and the combined Company’s plans, objectives, expectations (financial or otherwise), including synergies, the cost to achieve synergies, the costs and length of time to complete the store support center consolidation and the effect on earnings per share; • the effect of changes in tax laws and regulatory interpretations of such laws; • our seasonal sales patterns including those relating to the length of the holiday selling seasons; • the capabilities of our inventory supply chain technology and other systems; • the reliability of, and cost associated with, our sources of supply, particularly imported goods such as those sourced from China; • the capacity, performance and cost of our distribution centers, including future automation; • our cash needs, including our ability to fund our future capital expenditures and working capital requirements and our ability to service our debt obligations, including our expected annual interest expense; • our expectations regarding competition and growth in our retail sector; • our assessment of the materiality and impact on our business of recent accounting pronouncements adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 4 Table of Contents • our assessment of the impact on the Company of certain actions by activist shareholders and the Company’s potential responses to these actions; and • management’s estimates associated with our critical accounting policies, including inventory valuation, accrued expenses and valuations for impairment analyses. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future results, events or circumstances. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are all based on currently available operating, financial and business information. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” beginning on page 12 of this Form 10-K, as well as “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on page 27 of this Form 10-K and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Investors should also be aware that while we do, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts and others, it is against our policy to disclose to them any material, nonpublic information or other confidential commercial information. Accordingly, shareholders should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any securities analyst regardless of the content of the statement or report. Furthermore, we have a policy against confirming projections, forecasts or opinions issued by others. Thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not our responsibility. INTRODUCTORY NOTE: Unless otherwise stated, references to “we,” “our” and “us” generally refer to Dollar Tree, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Unless specifically indicated otherwise, any references to “ 2019 ” or “fiscal 2019 ,” “ 2018 ” or “fiscal 2018 ,” “ 2017 ” or “fiscal 2017 ,” and “ 2016 ” or “fiscal 2016 ,” relate to as of or for the years ended February 1, 2020 , February 2, 2019 , February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017 , respectively. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on our website at www.dollartree.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing of such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a leading operator of discount variety stores. We believe the convenience and value we offer are key factors in growing our base of loyal customers. At February 2, 2019 , we operated 15,237 discount variety retail stores. Our stores operate under the names of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar and Dollar Tree Canada. On July 6, 2015, we completed our purchase of Family Dollar Stores, Inc. and its more than 8,200 stores. This transformational transaction created the largest discount retailer (by store count) in North America. The Dollar Tree and Family Dollar brands have complementary business models. Everything is $1.00 at Dollar Tree stores while Family Dollar is a neighborhood variety store offering merchandise largely for $10.00 or less. We operate in two reporting business segments: Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. For discussion of the operating results of our reporting business segments, refer to “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under the caption “Segment Information” beginning on page 27 of this Form 10-K and “Note 11 - Segment Reporting” in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” beginning on page 42 of this Form 10-K. Dollar Tree Our Dollar Tree segment is the leading operator of discount variety stores offering merchandise at the fixed price point of $1.00. The Dollar Tree segment includes 7,001 stores operating under the Dollar Tree and Dollar Tree Canada brands, 12 distribution centers in the United States and two in Canada and a store support center in Chesapeake, Virginia. Our stores predominantly range from 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet. In our Dollar Tree stores in the United States, we sell all items for $1.00 or less and in our Dollar Tree Canada stores, we sell all items for $1.25(CAD) or less. Our revenue and assets in Canada are not material. We strive to exceed our customers’ expectations of the variety and quality of products they can purchase for $1.00 by offering items we believe typically sell for higher prices elsewhere. We buy approximately 58% to 60% of our merchandise domestically and import the remaining 40% to 42% . Our domestic purchases include basic, seasonal, home, closeouts and promotional merchandise. We believe our mix of imported and domestic merchandise affords our buyers flexibility that allows them to consistently exceed our customers’ expectations. In addition, direct relationships with manufacturers permit us to select from a broad range of products and customize packaging, product sizes and package quantities that meet our customers’ needs. The addition of frozen and refrigerated merchandise to more of our Dollar Tree stores has been one of our ongoing initiatives. We added freezers and coolers to 460 additional stores in 2018. As of February 2, 2019 , we have freezers and coolers in approximately 5,665 of our Dollar Tree stores. We plan to install them in 500 new and existing stores during fiscal 2019. Over the past year, we rolled out a new layout to a number of our Dollar Tree stores, which we call our Snack Zone. This layout highlights our immediate consumption snack offerings in the front of the store near the checkout areas. As of February 2, 2019 , we have this layout in approximately 930 Dollar Tree stores and we plan to implement Snack Zone in 1,000 new and existing stores in fiscal 2019. We believe these initiatives have and will continue to enable us to increase sales and earnings by increasing the number of shopping trips made by our customers. At any point in time, we carry approximately 7,300 items in our Dollar Tree stores and as of the end of fiscal 2018 approximately 40% of our items are automatically replenished. The remaining items are pushed to the stores and a portion can be reordered by our store managers on a weekly basis. Through automatic replenishment and our store managers’ ability to order product, each store manager is able to satisfy the demands of their particular customer base. We maintain a balanced selection of products within traditional variety store categories. We offer a wide selection of everyday basic products and we supplement these basic, everyday items with seasonal, closeout and promotional merchandise. We attempt to keep certain basic consumable merchandise in our stores continuously to establish our stores as a destination and increase traffic in our stores. Closeout and promotional merchandise is purchased opportunistically and represents less than 10% of our purchases. The merchandise mix in our Dollar Tree stores consists of: • consumable merchandise, which includes candy and food, health and beauty care, and everyday consumables such as household paper and chemicals, and in select stores, frozen and refrigerated food; • variety merchandise, which includes toys, durable housewares, gifts, stationery, party goods, greeting cards, softlines, and other items; and 6 Table of Contents • seasonal goods, which includes, among others, Valentine’s Day, Easter, Halloween and Christmas merchandise. For information regarding the amounts and percentages of our net sales contributed by the above merchandise categories for the last three fiscal years, please refer to “Note 11 - Segment Reporting” within “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” beginning on page 42 of this Form 10-K. Family Dollar Our Family Dollar segment operates general merchandise discount retail stores providing customers with a selection of competitively-priced merchandise in convenient neighborhood stores. Our stores predominantly range from 6,000 - 8,000 selling square feet. In our 8,236 Family Dollar stores, we sell merchandise at prices that generally range from $1.00 to $10.00. The Family Dollar segment consists of our store operations under the Family Dollar brand, 11 distribution centers and a store support center in Matthews, North Carolina. During fiscal 2019, we plan to consolidate our Matthews, North Carolina store support center with our store support center in Chesapeake, Virginia in our newly-completed office tower in the Summit Pointe development in Chesapeake, Virginia. Our Family Dollar stores provide customers with a quality, high-value assortment of basic necessities and seasonal merchandise. We offer competitively-priced national brands from leading manufacturers alongside name brand equivalent-value, lower-priced private labels. We purchase merchandise from a wide variety of suppliers and generally have not experienced difficulty in obtaining adequate quantities of merchandise. In fiscal 2018, we purchased approximately 13% of our merchandise through our relationship with McLane Company, Inc., which distributes consumable merchandise from multiple manufacturers. In addition, approximately 18% of our merchandise is imported directly. We are executing several initiatives in our Family Dollar stores to increase sales. During fiscal 2018, we completed more than 500 Family Dollar renovations, and have completed more than 875 renovations since launching this initiative in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. After continued development, experimentation and testing, we have recently rolled out a new model for both new and renovated Family Dollar stores known as H2. At the end of fiscal 2018, we had approximately 200 stores with this format. This new H2 model has significantly improved merchandise offerings, including Dollar Tree $1.00 merchandise sections and establishing a minimum number of freezer and cooler doors, throughout the store. The stores with the H2 format have increased traffic and provided an average comparable store net sales lift in excess of 10% over control stores. The H2 format performs well in a variety of locations, and especially in locations where Family Dollar has in the past been the most challenged. We plan to renovate at least 1,000 stores to this format in 2019 and roll-out this format in new stores and we will pursue an accelerated renovation schedule in future years. While the number of items in a given store can vary based on the store’s size, geographic location, merchandising initiatives and other factors, our typical Family Dollar store generally carries approximately 7,700 basic items alongside items that are ever-changing and seasonally-relevant throughout the year. The merchandise mix in our Family Dollar stores consists of: • consumable merchandise, which includes food and beverages, tobacco, health and beauty aids, household chemicals, paper products, hardware and automotive supplies, diapers, batteries, and pet food and supplies; • home products, which includes housewares, home décor, giftware, and domestics, including comforters, sheets and towels; • apparel and accessories merchandise, which includes clothing, fashion accessories and shoes; and • seasonal and electronics merchandise, which includes Valentine’s Day, Easter, Halloween and Christmas merchandise, personal electronics, including pre-paid cellular phones and services, stationery and school supplies, and toys. For information regarding the amounts and percentages of our net sales contributed by the above merchandise categories for the last three fiscal years, please refer to “Note 11 - Segment Reporting” within “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” beginning on page 42 of this Form 10-K. Business Strategy Continue to execute our proven and best‑in‑class retail business strategy. We will continue to execute our proven strategies that have generated a history of success and continued growth for the Company. Key elements of our strategy include: • aiming continuously to “Wow” the customer with a compelling, fun and fresh merchandise assortment comprising a variety of the things you want and things you need, all at incredible values in bright, clean and friendly stores; 7 Table of Contents • maintaining a flexible sourcing merchandise model that allows a variety of products to be sold as long as desired merchandise margin thresholds are met; • growing both the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar brands; • pursuing a “more, better, faster” approach to the roll-out of new Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores to broaden our geographic footprint; • maintaining customer relevance by ensuring that we reinvent ourselves constantly through new merchandise categories and initiatives; • leveraging the complementary merchandise expertise of each segment including Dollar Tree’s sourcing and product development expertise and Family Dollar’s consumer package goods and national brands sourcing expertise; and • maintaining a prudent approach with our use of capital for the benefit of our shareholders. Operate a diversified and complementary business model across both fixed ‑ price and multi ‑ price point strategies. We plan to operate and grow both the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar brands. We will utilize the reach and scale of our combined company to serve a broader range of customers in more ways, offering better prices and more value for the customer. Dollar Tree stores will continue to operate as single price point retail stores. At Dollar Tree, everything is $1.00, offering the customer a balanced mix of things they need and things they want. Our shopping experience will remain fun and friendly as we exceed our customers’ expectations for what they can buy for $1.00. Dollar Tree serves a broad range of income customers in suburban locations. Family Dollar stores will continue to operate using multiple price points, serving customers as their “neighborhood discount store,” offering great values on everyday items and a convenient shopping experience. Family Dollar primarily serves a lower than average income customer in urban and rural locations. We will benefit from an expanded target customer profile and utilize the store concepts of both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar to serve a broader range of customer demographics to drive further improvements in sales and profitability. Deliver significant synergy opportunities through continued integration of Family Dollar. Our acquisition of Family Dollar has provided us with significant opportunities to achieve meaningful cost synergies. We executed a detailed integration plan and exceeded our target of approximately $300 million of estimated annual run‑rate cost synergies by July 2018, achieving more than $450 million in synergies. These synergies did not account for one-time costs to achieve synergies, investments back into the business, integration costs, or cost increases due to inflation, vendor increases, or other factors that are not caused by the business combination. Sources of synergies continue to include the following: • Savings from sourcing and procurement of merchandise and non-merchandise goods and services driven by leveraging the combined volume of the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar segments, among other things; • Re-bannering to optimize store formats; • A reduction in overhead and corporate selling, general and administrative expenses by eliminating redundant positions, optimizing processes, integrating our technology resources and consolidating our store support centers; and • Savings resulting from the optimization of distribution and logistics networks. Take advantage of significant white-space opportunity. Over the past decade we have built a solid and scalable infrastructure, which provides a strong foundation for our future growth. We are committed to growing our combined business to take advantage of significant white space opportunities that we believe exist for both the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar store concepts. Using our proven real estate strategy across our combined business, we intend to drive future store openings by capitalizing on data‑driven insights regarding location, target customer profile, competitive dynamics and cost structure. Over the long-term, we believe that the market can support more than 10,000 Dollar Tree stores and 15,000 Family Dollar stores across the United States, and approximately 1,000 Dollar Tree stores in Canada. Convenient Locations and Store Size. We focus primarily on opening new Dollar Tree stores in strip shopping centers anchored by large retailers who draw target customers we believe to be similar to ours. Our stores are successful in metropolitan areas, mid-sized cities and small towns. We open new Family Dollar stores in strip shopping centers, freestanding buildings and downtown buildings. The range of our new store sizes, 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet for Dollar Tree and 7,000 - 9,000 selling square feet for Family Dollar, allows us to target a particular location with a store that best suits that market and takes advantage of available real estate opportunities. Our stores are attractively designed and create an inviting atmosphere for shoppers by using bright lighting, vibrant colors and decorative signs. We enhance the store design with attractive merchandise displays. We believe this design attracts new and repeat customers and enhances our image as both a destination and impulse purchase store. 8 Table of Contents For more information on retail locations and retail store leases, see “