Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 21 Item 2. Properties 22 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 26 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 69 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 69 Item 9B. Other Information 71 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 71 Item 11. Executive Compensation 71 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 71 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 72 Item 14. Principal Account ant Fees and Services 72 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 72 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 74 Signatures 75 3 Table of Contents Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they address future events, developments and results and do not relate strictly to historical facts. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “view,” “target” or “estimate,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “predict,” “possible,” “potential,” “continue,” “strategy,” and similar expressions. For example, our forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding: • The potential effect of general business or economic conditions on our business, including the direct and indirect effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, consumer spending levels, and unemployment in our markets; • The uncertainty of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and public health measures on our business and results of operations, including uncertainties surrounding possible disruptions in our supply chain or sources of supply, the physical and financial health of our customers, the effectiveness and duration of government assistance programs to individuals, households and businesses to support consumer spending, levels of foot traffic in our stores, changes in customer demand for our consumable and essential products as well as our discretionary products, and increased expenses for higher wages and bonuses paid to associates and the cost of personal protective equipment and additional cleaning supplies and protocols for the safety of our associates; • Our expectations regarding cost increases in the future, including costs relating to our COVID-19 response initiatives, increases in the minimum wage by states and localities, potential federal minimum wage legislation, increases in shipping rates, domestic freight, other distribution costs, and fuel costs and potential new legal requirements to provide increased pay for associates who work during pandemic restrictions (“hero pay”) and a potential increase in the minimum salary for exempt store managers; • The disruptions in shipping from China, particularly the shortages in shipping capacity resulting from container shortages, and the resulting delays in having merchandise from China delivered to our distribution centers when needed. • Our growth plans, including our plans to add, renovate, re-banner, expand, remodel, relocate or close stores and any related costs or charges, our anticipated square footage increase, our leasing strategy for future expansion, and our ability to renew leases at existing store locations; • Our anticipated sales, comparable store net sales, net sales growth, gross profit margin, costs of goods sold (including product mix), shrink rates, earnings and earnings growth, inventory levels, selling, general and administrative and other fixed costs, and our ability to leverage those costs; • The expected and possible outcome, costs, and impact of pending or potential litigation, arbitrations, other legal proceedings or governmental investigations (including the proceeding by the Food and Drug Administration); • The effect of our initiatives to renovate Family Dollar stores to the H2 store format and the performance of that format, the sales mix of consumable and higher margin merchandise in Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores, including an increase in the number of stores with freezers and coolers and the roll-out of adult beverages, on our results of operations; • Our plans relating to new store openings and new store concepts such as Dollar Tree Plus! and our Combination Store format; • The impact of trade relations and the ongoing trade dispute between the United States and China, including the actual and potential effect of Section 301 tariffs on Chinese goods imposed by the United States Trade Representative, uncertainties surrounding the policies of the new presidential administration, and other potential impediments to imports; • The reliability of, and cost associated with, our sources of supply, particularly imported goods such as those sourced from China and domestic goods which are in higher demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; • The effect of changes in labor laws, and the effect of the Fair Labor Standards Act as it relates to the qualification of our managers for exempt status, minimum wage and health care law; • Our seasonal sales patterns and customer demand including those relating to the important holiday selling seasons and party merchandise; • The average size and productivity of our stores, including those to be added in 2021 and beyond; • Our cash needs, including our ability to fund our future capital expenditures, working capital requirements and repurchases 4 Table of Contents of common stock under our repurchase program, and our ability to service our debt obligations, including our expected annual interest expense; • Our expectations regarding the construction of new distribution centers and the capabilities of our distribution center network; • Our expectations regarding compliance with debt covenants and stock repurchases; • Our expectations regarding competition and our potential for long-term growth; • Our assessment of the impact on us of certain actions by activist shareholders and our potential responses to these actions; • Our assessment of the materiality and impact on our business of recent accounting pronouncements adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board; • Management’s estimates and expectations as they relate to income tax liabilities, deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions; and • Management’s estimates associated with our critical accounting policies, including inventory valuation, self-insurance liabilities and valuations for our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment analyses. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future results, events or circumstances. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are all based on currently available operating, financial and business information. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ,” “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Investors should also be aware that while we do, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts and others, it is against our policy to disclose to them any material, nonpublic information or other confidential commercial information. Accordingly, shareholders should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any securities analyst regardless of the content of the statement or report. Furthermore, we have a policy against confirming projections, forecasts or opinions issued by others. Thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not our responsibility. Introductory Note Unless otherwise stated, references to “we,” “our” and “us” generally refer to Dollar Tree, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Unless specifically indicated otherwise, any references to “2021” or “fiscal 2021,” “2020” or “fiscal 2020,” “2019” or “fiscal 2019,” and “2018” or “fiscal 2018,” relate to as of or for the years ended January 29, 2022, January 30, 2021, February 1, 2020 and February 2, 2019, respectively. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on our website at www.dollartree.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing of such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a leading operator of discount variety stores. We believe the convenience and value we offer are key factors in serving and growing our base of loyal customers. At January 30, 2021, we operated 15,685 discount variety retail stores. Our stores operate under the brand names of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar and Dollar Tree Canada. We operate in two reporting business segments: Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. For discussion of the operating results of our reporting business segments, refer to “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” under the caption “Segment Information” and Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. Impact of COVID-19 Beginning in fiscal 2020, our business was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. As an essential business, our stores and distribution centers have remained open during the pandemic; however, our business trends and operations have been impacted in various ways. For example, we have experienced fewer customer visits and higher average ticket and the mix and profit margin of products purchased by our customers has differed from historical patterns. We have seen a shift in our customers’ purchases towards higher-margin discretionary products. We have also experienced changes in when our customers are shopping relative to the dates of seasonal holidays with spending occurring further in advance of the holidays than in previous years. The future impact of COVID-19 on our customers is difficult to predict as the course of the pandemic, the effectiveness of health measures, and the impact of ongoing economic stabilization efforts is uncertain and government assistance payments may not provide enough funding to support current spending levels. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (“Rescue Act”), which was enacted on March 11, 2021, provides U.S. government funding to address the continuing impact of COVID-19 on the economy, public health, individuals and businesses. Among other things, the Rescue Act provides for $1,400 direct payments to individuals, continues supplemental unemployment benefits until September 2021, extends a prior increase in food stamp benefits, expands the child tax credit and earned income tax credit, provides for rent and utility assistance, and funds COVID-19 vaccinations, testing, treatment and prevention. An increase in the federal minimum wage was not included in the Rescue Act as enacted. During fiscal 2020, we paid wage premiums to our store and distribution center associates as well as “Thank You” bonuses to our store managers in recognition of their extraordinary efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic, which increased our costs. We currently do not anticipate paying these types of premiums and bonuses in fiscal 2021. As a result of COVID-19, our supply chain has been strained and our suppliers have faced challenges in keeping up with the unprecedented demand for essential goods, as well as discretionary goods. Recently, the ocean-shipping industry has faced capacity issues resulting in higher costs and delays in the shipment of products from Asia. We continue to make operational changes in an attempt to minimize the impact of these challenges on our business; however, we do not know how long these disruptions will continue. For additional information regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business, refer to the discussion in this Item 1. below and “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” Dollar Tree Our Dollar Tree segment is the leading operator of discount variety stores offering merchandise predominantly at the fixed price point of $1.00. The Dollar Tree segment includes 7,805 stores operating under the Dollar Tree and Dollar Tree Canada brands, 15 distribution centers in the United States and two in Canada. Our stores predominantly range from 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet. In our Dollar Tree stores in the United States, we sell items primarily for $1.00 or less and in our Dollar Tree Canada stores, we sell items principally for $1.25(CAD) or less. Our revenue and assets in Canada are not material. We are the owners of several trademarks including “Dollar Tree” and the “Dollar Tree” logo. We strive to exceed our customers’ expectations of the variety and quality of products they can purchase for $1.00 by offering items we believe typically sell for higher prices elsewhere. We buy approximately 60% to 62% of our merchandise domestically and import the remaining 38% to 40%. Our domestic purchases include basic, home, closeouts and promotional merchandise. We believe our mix of imported and domestic merchandise affords our buyers flexibility that allows them to consistently exceed our customers’ expectations. In addition, direct relationships with manufacturers permit us to select from a broad range of products and customize packaging, product sizes and package quantities that meet our customers’ needs. We believe that our initiatives positively affect our comparable store net sales. In fiscal 2019, we introduced our Crafter’s Square initiative in more than 650 stores. This offering includes a new expanded assortment of arts and crafts supplies. During fiscal 2020, we expanded this program, completing the roll-out to all of our Dollar Tree stores. The Crafter’s Square assortment carries mark-ups which are higher than our average mark-up. Additionally, for more than a year, we have tested a multi-price initiative referred to as Dollar Tree Plus! Beginning in fiscal 2019, we began testing multi-price assortments in more than 100 stores in southwestern markets. 6 Table of Contents Based on learnings from the test, we made modifications to: the mix of products offered to include primarily discretionary items; the displays and signage to drive awareness and excitement to the stores; the price points to focus on the $1, $3 and $5 price points; and increase the number of offerings above the $1 price point. We plan to expand this initiative into a total of 500 stores beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. We believe these initiatives have and will continue to enable us to increase sales and earnings. We carry approximately 7,500 items in our Dollar Tree stores and as of the end of fiscal 2020 approximately 34% of our items are automatically replenished. The remaining items are pushed to the stores and a portion can be reordered by our store managers on a weekly basis. Through automatic replenishment and our store managers’ ability to order product, each store manager is able to satisfy the demands of their particular customer base. We maintain a balanced selection of products within traditional variety store categories. We offer a wide selection of everyday basic products and we supplement these basic, everyday items with seasonal, closeout and promotional merchandise. We attempt to keep certain basic consumable merchandise in our stores continuously to establish our stores as a destination and increase traffic in our stores. Closeout and promotional merchandise is purchased opportunistically and represents less than 10% of our purchases. The merchandise mix in our Dollar Tree stores consists of: • consumable merchandise, which includes everyday consumables such as household paper and chemicals, food, candy, health and personal care products, and in many stores, frozen and refrigerated food; • variety merchandise, which includes toys, durable housewares, gifts, stationery, party goods, greeting cards, softlines, arts and crafts supplies and other items; and • seasonal goods, which include, among others, Christmas, Easter, Halloween and Valentine’s Day merchandise. For information regarding the amounts and percentages of our net sales contributed by the above merchandise categories for the last three fiscal years, please refer to Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. Family Dollar Our Family Dollar segment operates general merchandise retail discount stores providing customers with a selection of competitively-priced merchandise in convenient neighborhood stores. Our stores predominantly range from 6,000 - 8,000 selling square feet. In our 7,880 Family Dollar stores, we sell merchandise at prices that generally range from $1.00 to $10.00. The Family Dollar segment consists of our store operations under the Family Dollar brand and 11 distribution centers. We are the owners of the trademarks “Family Dollar,” “Family Dollar Stores” and other names and designs of certain merchandise sold in Family Dollar stores. Our Family Dollar stores provide customers with a quality, high-value assortment of basic necessities and seasonal merchandise. We offer competitively-priced national brands from leading manufacturers alongside name brand equivalent-value, lower-priced private labels. We purchase merchandise from a wide variety of suppliers and generally have not experienced difficulty in obtaining adequate quantities of merchandise. In fiscal 2020, we purchased approximately 13% of our merchandise through our relationship with McLane Company, Inc., which distributes consumable merchandise from multiple manufacturers. In addition, approximately 16% of our merchandise is imported directly. We are executing several initiatives in our Family Dollar stores to increase sales. During 2020, we entered into a partnership with Instacart to enable our customers to shop online and receive merchandise without having to visit a store. During 2019, we introduced a new model for both new and renovated Family Dollar stores internally known as H2. This H2 model has significantly improved merchandise offerings, including approximately 20 Dollar Tree $1.00 merchandise sections and establishing a minimum number of freezer and cooler doors, throughout the store. H2 stores have higher customer traffic and provide an average comparable store net sales lift in excess of 10%, when compared to non-renovated stores, in the first year following renovation. H2 stores perform well in a variety of locations and especially in locations where our Family Dollar stores have been most challenged in the past. As of January 30, 2021, we have approximately 2,385 H2 stores. We plan to renovate at least 1,250 stores to this format in fiscal 2021 and also plan to build new stores in this format. Building on the success of the H2 format, we have developed a Combination Store which leverages both the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar brands to serve small towns across the country. We are combining Family Dollar’s great value and assortment with Dollar Tree’s “thrill of the hunt” and fixed price point, creating a new strategic store format targeted for small towns and rural communities with populations of 3,000 to 4,000 residents. While the number of items in a given store can vary based on the store’s size, geographic location, merchandising initiatives and other factors, our typical Family Dollar store generally carries approximately 7,600 basic items alongside items that are ever-changing and seasonally-relevant throughout the year. 7 Table of Contents The merchandise mix in our Family Dollar stores consists of: • consumable merchandise, which includes food and beverages, tobacco, health and personal care products, household chemicals, paper products, hardware and automotive supplies, diapers, batteries, and pet food and supplies; • home products, which include housewares, home décor, giftware, and domestics, including comforters, sheets and towels; • apparel and accessories merchandise, which includes clothing, fashion accessories and shoes; and • seasonal and electronics merchandise, which includes Christmas, Easter, Halloween and Valentine’s Day merchandise, personal electronics, including pre-paid cellular phones and services, stationery and school supplies, and toys. For information regarding the amounts and percentages of our net sales contributed by the above merchandise categories for the last three fiscal years, please refer to Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements. Business Strategy Continue to execute our proven and best‑in‑class retail business strategy. We will continue to execute our proven strategies that have generated a history of success and continued growth for us. Key elements of our strategy include: • aiming continuously to “Wow” the customer with a compelling, fun and fresh merchandise assortment comprising a variety of the things you want and things you need, all at incredible values in bright, clean and friendly stores; • maintaining a flexible sourcing merchandise model that allows a variety of products to be sold as long as desired merchandise margin thresholds are met; • growing and improving both the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar brands; • pursuing a “more, better, faster” approach to the roll-out of new Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores to broaden our geographic footprint; • maintaining customer relevance by ensuring that we reinvent ourselves constantly through new merchandise categories and initiatives; • leveraging the complementary merchandise expertise of each segment including Dollar Tree’s sourcing and product development expertise and Family Dollar’s consumer package goods and national brands sourcing expertise; and • maintaining a prudent approach with our use of capital for the benefit of our shareholders. Operate a diversified and complementary business model across both fixed ‑ price and multi ‑ price point strategies. We plan to operate and grow both the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar brands. We will utilize the reach and scale of our combined company to serve a broader range of customers in more ways, offering better prices and more value for the customer. At Dollar Tree, everything is predominantly $1.00, offering the customer a balanced mix of things they need and things they want. Our shopping experience will remain fun and friendly as we exceed our customers’ expectations for what they can buy for $1.00. As noted previously, we plan to expand our Dollar Tree Plus! initiative into a total of 500 stores beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Merchandise in these stores includes select items which retail for more than $1.00 but not more than $5.00 and maintain our customers’ expectations of extreme value. Dollar Tree serves a broad range of income customers in suburban locations. Family Dollar stores will continue to operate using multiple price points, serving customers as their “neighborhood discount store,” offering great values on everyday items and a convenient shopping experience. Family Dollar primarily serves a lower than average income customer in urban and rural locations. We expect to benefit from an expanded target customer profile and utilize the store concepts of both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar to serve a broader range of customer demographics to drive further improvements in sales and profitability. Take advantage of significant white-space opportunity. Over the past decade we have built a solid and scalable infrastructure, which provides a strong foundation for our future growth. We are committed to growing our combined business to take advantage of significant market or white space opportunities that we believe exist for both the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar store concepts. Using our proven real estate strategy across our combined business, we intend to drive future store openings by capitalizing on data‑driven insights regarding location, target customer profile, competitive dynamics and cost structure. Over the long-term, we believe that the market can support more than 10,000 Dollar Tree stores and 15,000 Family Dollar stores across the United States, and approximately 1,000 Dollar Tree stores in Canada. Convenient Locations and Store Size. We focus primarily on opening new Dollar Tree stores in strip shopping centers anchored by large retailers who draw target customers we believe to be similar to ours. Our stores are successful in metropolitan areas, mid-sized cities and small towns. We open new Family Dollar stores in strip shopping centers, freestanding buildings and downtown buildings. The range of our new store sizes, 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet for Dollar Tree and 7,000 - 10,000 selling square feet 8 Table of Contents for Family Dollar, allows us to target a particular location with a store that best suits that market and takes advantage of available real estate opportunities. Our stores are attractively designed and create an inviting atmosphere for shoppers by using bright lighting, vibrant colors and decorative signs. We enhance the store design with attractive merchandise displays. We believe this design attracts new and repeat customers and enhances our image as both a destination and impulse purchase store. Profitable Stores with Strong Cash Flow. We maintain a disciplined, cost-sensitive approach to store site selection in order to minimize the initial capital investment required and maximize our potential to generate high operating margins and strong cash flows. We believe that our Dollar Tree stores and our urban Family Dollar stores have a relatively small shopping radius, which allows us to profitably concentrate multiple stores within a single market. In addition, our rural Family Dollar stores have a larger shopping radius, allowing us to profitably locate in these areas because of our ability to reach customers who live farther from our stores. Our ability to open new stores is dependent upon, among other factors, locating suitable sites and negotiating favorable lease terms. The strong cash flows generated by our stores allow us to self-fund infrastructure investment and new stores. Typically, our cash flows from operating activities exceed our capital expenditures. For more information on our results of operations, see “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” Merchandising Cost Control . We believe that our substantial buying power and our flexibility in making sourcing decisions contributes to our successful purchasing strategy, which includes targeted merchandise margin goals by category. We also believe our ability to negotiate with our vendor partners allows us to minimize the margin impact of economic pressures such as tariffs. We buy products on an order-by-order basis and have no material long-term purchase contracts or other assurances of continued product supply or guaranteed product cost. Historically, no vendor has accounted for more than 10% of total merchandise purchased by us. Our supply chain systems continue to provide us with valuable sales information to assist our buyers and improve merchandise allocation to our stores. We use this information to target our inventory levels in our distribution centers and stores in order to plan for capacity and labor needs. Information Systems. We believe that investments in technology help us to increase sales and control costs. Our inventory management system provides information to calculate our estimate of inventory cost under the retail inventory method, which is widely used in the retail industry. Our automated replenishment system replenishes key items, based on actual store-level sales and inventory. Point-of-sale data allows us to track sales and inventory by merchandise category at the store level and assists us in planning for future purchases of inventory. We believe that this information allows us to ship the appropriate product to stores at the quantities commensurate with selling patterns. Using this point-of-sale data to plan purchases has helped us manage our inventory levels. Corporate Culture and Values. We believe that honesty and integrity, and treating people fairly and with respect are core values within our corporate culture. We believe that running a business, and certainly a public company, carries with it a responsibility to be above reproach when making operational and financial decisions. Our executive management team visits and shops at our stores like every customer, and ideas and individual creativity on the part of our associates are encouraged, particularly from our store managers who know their stores and their customers. We have standards for store displays, merchandise presentation, and store operations. We maintain an open door policy for all associates. Our distribution centers are operated based on objective measures of performance and virtually everyone in our store support centers is available to assist associates in our stores and distribution centers. During 2020, we launched an enterprise Executive Diversity Council comprised of diverse leaders from every department within the company who are charged with creating a diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) strategy which is linked with our business goals, catalyzing cultural change throughout the organization and driving accountability at the senior management level for progress on key DEI objectives. Our disclosure committee meets at least quarterly and monitors our internal controls over financial reporting to ensure that our public filings contain discussions about the potential risks our business faces. We believe that we have appropriate controls in place to be able to certify our financial statements. Additionally, we have complied with the listing requirements for the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Seasonality. For information on the impact of seasonality, see “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” and “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” Growth Strategy Store Openings, Relocations and Square Footage Growth. The primary factors contributing to our net sales growth have been new store openings and an active store relocation, expansion and remodel program. In the last five years, net sales increased at a compound annual growth rate of 5.3%. During this time, our store count and approximate selling square footage increased from 9 Table of Contents 13,851 and 108.4 million square feet at January 30, 2016 to 15,685 and 125.1 million square feet at January 30, 2021. We expect that the majority of our future sales growth will come from new store openings in our Dollar Tree and Family Dollar segments and our store expansion and relocation program as well as our renovation initiatives. Our growth and productivity statistics are reported based on selling square footage because our management believes the use of selling square footage yields a more accurate measure of store productivity. We expect to increase the selling square footage in our stores in the future by opening new stores in underserved markets and strategically increasing our presence in our existing markets via new store openings and store expansions (expansions include store relocations). In fiscal 2021 and beyond, we plan to predominantly open Dollar Tree stores that are approximately 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet and Family Dollar stores that are approximately 7,000 - 10,000 selling square feet. We believe these store sizes allow us to achieve our objectives in the markets in which we plan to expand. In addition to new store openings, we plan to continue our Dollar Tree and Family Dollar store relocation and expansion program to increase our net sales per store and take advantage of market opportunities. We target stores for expansion based on the current sales per selling square foot and changes in market opportunities. Stores targeted for expansion are generally less than 7,000 selling square feet in size. Store expansions generally increase the existing store size by approximately 2,500 selling square feet. At January 30, 2021, 6,591 of our Dollar Tree stores, totaling approximately 88% of our Dollar Tree segment selling square footage, were 7,000 selling square feet or larger. Since 1995, we have added a total of 695 stores through several mergers and acquisitions, excluding our acquisition of Family Dollar. Historically, our acquisition strategy has been to target companies that have a similar single price point concept that have shown success in operations or companies that provide a strategic advantage. We evaluate potential acquisition opportunities as they become available. In 2015, we completed our acquisition of Family Dollar which allowed us to create a diversified company with complementary business models. From time to time, we also acquire the rights to store leases through bankruptcy or other proceedings. We will continue to take advantage of these opportunities as they arise depending upon several factors including their fit within our location and selling square footage size parameters. Merchandising and Distribution. Expanding our customer base is important to our growth plans. We plan to continue to stock our stores with a compelling mix of ever-changing merchandise that our customers have come to appreciate. Consumable merchandise typically leads to more frequent return trips to our stores resulting in increased sales. The presentation and display of merchandise in our stores are critical to communicating value to our customers and creating a more exciting shopping experience. We believe our approach to visual merchandising results in higher sales volume and an environment that encourages impulse purchases. We leverage our merchandising team to source products that can be sold in both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores. Our Family Dollar H2 stores include $1.00 sections of Dollar Tree merchandise and our Dollar Tree Plus! stores sell items at the $1.00, $3.00 and $5.00 price points. A strong and efficient distribution network is critical to our ability to grow and to maintain a low-cost operating structure. In fiscal 2020, we completed construction of our Rosenberg, Texas automated distribution center, which is 1.2 million square feet and currently serves stores in our Dollar Tree segment. Additionally, in fiscal 2020, we completed construction of a 0.5 million square foot distribution center in Ocala, Florida and we began shipping product from this facility during the third quarter of fiscal 2020. We expect to complete an expansion of the Ocala, Florida distribution center in 2023. New distribution sites are strategically located to reduce stem miles, maintain flexibility and improve efficiency in our store service areas. We currently operate 26 distribution centers in the United States, 15 of which are primarily dedicated to serving our Dollar Tree stores and 11 distribution centers primarily serve our Family Dollar stores. Our St. George, Utah distribution center, which is a legacy Family Dollar facility, services both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores and we expect future distribution centers to be built with the capability to service both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores. Our distribution network supports multiple store formats including H2, Combination Stores and Dollar Tree Plus! We ship to our H2 format stores from our Family Dollar distribution centers and we ship to our Dollar Tree Plus! format stores from our Dollar Tree distribution centers. We ship to our Combination Stores from both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar distribution centers. We believe our distribution center network is currently capable of supporting approximately $30.2 billion in annual sales in the United States. We also are party to an agreement which provides distribution services from two facilities in Canada. Our Dollar Tree stores receive approximately 90% of their inventory from our distribution centers via contract carriers and our Family Dollar stores receive approximately 74% of their inventory from our distribution centers. The remaining store inventory, primarily perishable consumable items and other vendor-maintained display items, are delivered directly to our stores from vendors. Our Family Dollar stores receive approximately 13% of their merchandise from McLane Company, Inc. For more information on our distribution center network, see “