Item 1A. Risk Factors 25 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 48 Item 2. Properties 48 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 48 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 48 Part II 49 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 49 Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data 51 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 54 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 90 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 91 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 139 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 139 Item 9B. Other Information 139 Part III 140 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 140 Item 11. Executive Compensation 140 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 140 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 140 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 140 Part IV 141 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 141 Exhibit Index 141 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 143 Signatures 144 Unless the context otherwise requires, we use the terms “Etsy,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , (“Annual Report”), to refer to Etsy, Inc. and, where appropriate, our consolidated subsidiaries. See “ Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Key Operating and Financial Metrics ” for the definitions of the following terms used in this Annual Report: “active buyer,” “active seller,” “Adjusted EBITDA,” “GMS,” “international GMS,” and “mobile GMS.” NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include information relating to the strategic fit, benefit of and impact on our financial performance of our acquisition of Reverb Holdings, Inc. (“Reverb”), the impact of our strategy, marketing and product investments on future gross merchandise sales (“GMS”) and revenue growth, our ability to continue to benefit from our transition to the cloud, and the impact of our strategy, and the impact of our free shipping initiative and our revamped Etsy Ads platform launching in the second quarter of 2020 on our future financial performance. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” “would” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Those risks include those described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Given these uncertainties, you should read this Annual Report in its entirety and not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report and, although we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. Moreover, we operate in a competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements represent our beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Table of Contents PART I. Item 1. Business. Overview Etsy operates two-sided online marketplaces that connect millions of passionate and creative buyers and sellers. Our mission is to “Keep Commerce Human,” and we’re committed to using the power of business and technology to strengthen communities and empower people around the world. Etsy was founded in 2005. Our primary marketplace, Etsy.com, is the global destination for unique and creative goods. The Etsy marketplace connects creative entrepreneurs with thoughtful consumers looking for items that are intended to be special, reflect their sense of style, or represent a meaningful occasion. Our sellers are the heart and soul of Etsy, and our technology platform allows our sellers to turn their creative passions into economic opportunity. We have a seller-aligned business model: we make money when our sellers make money. We offer Etsy sellers a marketplace with millions of buyers along with a range of seller tools and services that are specifically designed to help our creative entrepreneurs generate more sales and scale their businesses. Buyers come to the Etsy marketplace to be inspired and delighted by items that are crafted and curated by our creative entrepreneurs. We are focused on attracting potential buyers to Etsy for those “special” purchase occasions that happen throughout the year, and everyday items that have meaning. We are deepening engagement with our existing buyers by inspiring purchases across our many retail categories and shopping occasions. These special purchase occasions can occur many times throughout the year and include items that reflect an individual's unique style; gifting that demonstrates thought and care; and celebrations that express creativity and fun. Buyers tell us that they come to Etsy because Etsy sellers offer items that they can’t find anywhere else. In fact, in a 2019 survey of Etsy buyers, 88% of buyers agreed that Etsy has items that you can’t find anywhere else. Special purchase occasions can happen many times throughout the year when a buyer is decorating a home, selecting an outfit for a special event, planning a celebration for a special moment, or buying a gift for someone special. 1 Table of Contents In August 2019, we acquired Reverb. The Reverb marketplace is a leading global online marketplace dedicated to buying and selling new, used, and vintage musical instruments, with a vibrant community of buyers and sellers all over the world. Reverb, now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Etsy, Inc., is included in all financial and other metrics from August 15, 2019 (the date of acquisition), unless otherwise noted. As of December 31, 2019 , the Etsy and Reverb marketplaces connected 2.7 million active sellers to 46.4 million active buyers. Our buyers and sellers are located all over the world and our six core geographic markets are the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Australia, and France. We will continue to invest in these markets, as this is where we have our strongest concentration of both buyers and sellers, and continue to evaluate geographies in which to make strategic investments. There are currently nearly 66 million items for sale across many retail categories in our marketplaces. In 2019 , our sellers generated $5.0 billion of Gross Merchandise Sales (“GMS”), approximately 58% of which came from purchases made on mobile devices. In 2019, our top six retail categories on the Etsy marketplace were homewares and home furnishings, jewelry and personal accessories, apparel, craft supplies, paper and party supplies, and beauty and personal care, and with the addition of Reverb, we now have significant exposure to the market for used musical instruments. We are a global company, and 36% of our 2019 GMS was generated when a seller or buyer, or both, were located outside of the United States. Our revenue is diversified, generated from a mix of marketplace activities and other optional services we provide to sellers to help them generate more sales and scale their businesses. Marketplace revenue is comprised of the fees a seller pays us for marketplace activities. Marketplace activities include listing an item for sale, completing transactions between a buyer and a seller, and using our payments platforms to process payments, including foreign currency payments. Etsy fees include the 5% transaction fee that an Etsy seller pays for each completed transaction, inclusive of shipping fees charged, the $0.20 listing fee for each item listed (for up to four months), and fees for Etsy Payments, our payment processing product. Etsy Payments processing fees vary between 3.0% to 4.5% of an item’s total sale price, including shipping, plus a flat fee per order, depending on the country in which a seller’s bank account is located. When a foreign currency payment is processed, Etsy earns additional fees. As of December 31, 2019, Etsy Payments was available in 36 countries and 12 currencies and nearly all sellers in countries where Etsy Payments is available are required to use the service. In fact, 89% of total GMS from the Etsy marketplace (“Etsy.com GMS”) was processed through Etsy Payments in 2019, up from 86% in 2018. Our ability to expand Etsy Payments into additional countries is dependent upon the third-party providers we use to support this service. Reverb fees include the 3.5% transaction fee that a Reverb seller pays for each completed transaction, inclusive of shipping fees charged, and fees for payment processing. There are no listing fees for the Reverb marketplace. Marketplace revenue also includes revenue generated through our commercial partnerships, which was recorded in its own Other revenue line prior to the fourth quarter of 2019. Services revenue is comprised of the fees a seller pays us for our optional services (“Services”). For the Etsy marketplace, primary optional services include advertising services, which allow Etsy sellers to pay for prominent placement of their listings in search results, and Etsy Shipping Labels, which allows Etsy sellers in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and Australia to purchase discounted shipping labels. For the Reverb marketplace, optional services include Bump, an on-site advertising product that enables Reverb sellers to determine their own ad rates as a percentage of their item’s final sale price; and Reverb Shipping Labels, which gives Reverb sellers access to discounted shipping rates. 2 Table of Contents Our Opportunity We believe that the nature of commerce is continuing to evolve: more people are choosing to purchase goods online and many consumers are looking for unique items as an alternative to mass produced goods. We estimate that the online market size across all relevant retail categories for the Etsy marketplace within our six core geographic markets, United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Australia and France, represents a $249 billion market opportunity, and a $1.7 trillion market opportunity when offline is included. By 2023, we estimate that the online market opportunity will expand to $437 billion and $2 trillion when offline is included. Our Platform We leverage technology to connect people around the world through commerce. Our platform includes the Etsy and Reverb online marketplaces, our seller tools and services, our passionate and engaged sellers and buyers, and our technology. Our commitment to transparency and integrity underpins our platform and establishes trust within our marketplaces and our community. Key Components of Our Platform Our Marketplaces The Etsy Marketplace Our primary marketplace, Etsy.com, is where thoughtful buyers come to discover a broad selection of unique goods that are hard to find elsewhere. In a world of increasing automation and commoditization, Etsy celebrates creativity and human interaction. We believe this marketplace is characterized by several unique qualities, including: • Unique Products: Etsy boasts a large assortment of handmade, customized, personalized, vintage, and craft supply products from all over the world. There are currently approximately 65 million items listed on the Etsy marketplace. We intend to continue to improve the customer experience by investing in our search and discovery capabilities to help buyers efficiently find the special items they are looking for and deliver a brand promise around shipping to align with our buyers’ expectations of when they can expect to receive our unique items. • Global Reach: Etsy’s six core geographic markets are the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Australia and France, in addition to sellers and buyers in nearly every other country around the world. Our platform makes it easy for Etsy buyers and Etsy sellers to interact across borders even if they do not speak the same language and wish to transact in different currencies. We use innovative machine translation technology to translate listings, reviews, Promoted Listings, and conversations between Etsy buyers and Etsy sellers. Our payments platform allows Etsy sellers to offer Etsy buyers a wide range of payment options. In 2019 , 40% of Etsy sellers were located outside the United States, and 37% of our GMS was generated between an Etsy seller, Etsy buyer, or both, located outside of the United States. • Organic Traffic Base: We’ve built a loyal, global base of Etsy buyers on the platform without significant investment in acquisition marketing until 2013, eight years after being founded. The vast majority of visits to the Etsy marketplace came through organic channels, including a large portion from buyers visiting Etsy directly as well as from non-paid channels such as search, social, email, and push notifications. • Connection Between Etsy Buyers and Sellers: We believe that human connection is central to buyer engagement. We emphasize that the items listed for sale on the Etsy marketplace are brought to life by real people. Additionally, buyers are 3 Table of Contents able to connect directly with sellers in order to ask questions and personalize or customize items to their specifications. We believe that meaningful interactions with Etsy sellers differentiate us from other e-commerce platforms, drive buyer engagement, and keep our buyers coming back. When buyers and sellers interact on the platform their conversion rate and average order value is significantly higher. • Connected Experience Across all Devices: We want to engage Etsy buyers wherever they are and to provide an enjoyable and accessible shopping experience no matter how they come to the Etsy marketplace. Our mobile website and our “Buy on Etsy” mobile app for Etsy buyers include search and discovery, curation, personalization and social shopping features. We offer a connected experience through each channel, desktop, mobile web, and mobile app, to help ensure that no matter what device Etsy buyers use they will have the best possible experience. Additionally, our “Sell on Etsy” mobile app helps Etsy sellers operate their shops and manage orders. For the year ended December 31, 2019 approximately 59% of Etsy.com GMS was generated on a mobile device, up from 55% in 2018. We are focused on increasing conversion rates in general; however, we are particularly focused on our mobile app. Our mobile app conversion rate is the channel with the highest conversion rate, followed by desktop and mobile web, however, mobile web contributes the largest share of traffic followed by desktop and our mobile app. Therefore, if mobile app visits continue to grow as a percentage of overall visits, we believe it could be a tailwind to future conversion rate gains. • Buyer Intent; People Come to the Etsy marketplace to Browse and be Inspired: Our platform is designed to provide a personalized search experience to Etsy buyers, adjusting in real time based on transaction data and previous browsing history. A large portion of our buyers come to Etsy not in search of a specific item, but to browse and be inspired. We are continuing to build more sophisticated algorithms that allow us to deliver more personalized results to our buyers, utilizing browse and transaction data to surface items they didn’t know they wanted. In 2019 , we launched a number of initiatives to enhance search, including improving recommendations, making the home page more personalized and dynamic allowing buyers to more easily pick up where they left off, and incorporating more attributes to our search algorithm to improve search ranking. We also incorporated additional advanced machine learning techniques such as improved model engines and continuous feature expansion in order to drive further search improvements. All of this helps bring fun to the discovery and shopping experience. We believe we have significant opportunities to further enhance our search and discovery capabilities and plan to leverage our machine learning technology, including increased model complexity and further contextual cues to deliver an even more personalized shopping experience. Lastly, our full migration to Google Cloud, which we completed in the beginning of 2020, is expected to further improve our search and discovery effectiveness. The Reverb Marketplace Reverb, our wholly-owned subsidiary, operates as a standalone marketplace and was founded on the principle that buying musical instruments should be easy and affordable. This unique two-sided marketplace connects buyers and sellers of new, used, and vintage musical gear from all over the world. The foundation of Reverb is our community of musicians from all walks of life that utilize the platform for income to support their families, inspiration to fuel their passions, and instruments to create new music. We believe the unique characteristics of this marketplace include: • A strong brand in a large, fragmented market, with healthy growth dynamics. • On-site product promotion and a strong content-driven marketing strategy, which is in the early stages of fueling incremental growth for the platform. • Reverb's seller base spans many countries, including key international markets such as Canada, United Kingdom, France, Germany and Australia. However, the U.S. is Reverb’s largest market by GMS volume. Our Seller Tools and Services Etsy Seller Tools and Services Seller tools and services help Etsy sellers generate more sales and scale their businesses. In addition to driving incremental revenue streams, these offerings play a key role in supporting our sellers’ businesses and driving sales. We believe we can grow our optional paid services in three ways: expand the utility of existing services, expand the geographic reach of existing services, and launch new services offerings. Our paid services include: • Advertising : Etsy’s advertising platform allows sellers to pay for prominent placement of their listings in search results. During 2019 , 16.6% of active Etsy sellers used our advertising platform, up from 15.1% in 2018 . In 2019 , we enhanced our dynamic cost-per-click onsite advertising, which we call Promoted Listings, by expanding inventory across all devices and applying our improved search algorithms to drive ad relevance and higher click-through rates, leading to accelerated 4 Table of Contents year-over-year revenue growth for this service. In the third quarter of 2019 we combined Promoted Listings and Google Shopping, an off-site Etsy seller marketing tool, into one unified ad platform, called Etsy Ads. In the second quarter of 2020, Etsy is planning to launch a new advertising service for Etsy sellers, called Offsite Ads. Etsy will pay the upfront costs to promote Etsy sellers’ listings on multiple internet platforms without any upfront costs for sellers. When a shopper clicks on an online offsite ad featuring a seller’s listing and purchases from their shop, the seller will pay Etsy an advertising fee on that order - only when they make a sale. The Etsy Ads service will be a dedicated on-site advertising program for Etsy sellers to promote their listings to shoppers on Etsy. • Etsy Shipping Labels: This service allows Etsy sellers in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and Australia to purchase discounted United States Postal Service, FedEx, Canada Post, Royal Mail, and DAI Post shipping labels through our platform. The ability to print the shipping labels at home reduces the cost and time it takes Etsy sellers to ship items to Etsy buyers, reduces the chance for administrative error through features such as auto population of shipping addresses, and automatically provides tracking information when available and shipping notifications to buyers. During 2019 , 22.9% of active Etsy sellers in regions where Etsy Shipping Labels was offered used this product, down from 24.7% in 2018 . The reduction in percentage of active sellers using Etsy Shipping Labels was driven by the expansion of the service in the United Kingdom and Australia in late 2018 where we continue to expand the scope of these services. In addition, throughout the year we’ve added Pitney Bowes, ChitChats, and UShip; logistics solutions that help Etsy sellers save time and money. In addition to our paid services, we provide a wide range of tools and educational resources to give Etsy sellers the support they need to manage the administrative side of their businesses. According to our bi-annual seller survey, most recently conducted in 2020 , for every hour that an Etsy seller spends making her products, she spends almost another hour doing business-related tasks, including inventory management, marketing, shipping, customer service, and accounting. Our tools and educational resources help manage these administrative burdens. • Seller Tools: We offer a variety of free tools to Etsy sellers, including our Shop Manager dashboard, which we launched in 2017, and which serves as a centralized hub for Etsy sellers to track orders, manage inventory, view metrics and statistics, and have conversations with their customers across all of their Etsy shops. We also made significant improvements to Etsy seller analytics pages in 2019 to provide additional insights regarding traffic acquisition for their shops. In 2018, we added a single, easy-to-use interface that streamlines sellers’ bills and payments accounts. Other marketing tools include Targeted Offers, our sales and promotions tool, and our social media tool, which help Etsy sellers with their marketing needs and allows them to stand out on and off the Etsy platform. Also, through a partnership with Intuit, Etsy sellers in the United States and the United Kingdom can simplify their accounting and bookkeeping. • Education: We provide extensive educational resources to teach Etsy sellers how to start, manage, and scale their businesses on our platform, including blog posts, video tutorials, the Etsy Seller Handbook (available on Etsy.com), Etsy.com online forums, and insights from Etsy.com support teams. In addition to our resources, Etsy sellers connect through self-organized Etsy Teams to build personal relationships with other Etsy sellers, collaborate, educate, and support each other as they build their independent creative businesses. 5 Table of Contents Our focus on supporting our sellers in starting, managing, and scaling their businesses strengthens our marketplace and positions it for continued growth. When our sellers succeed, Etsy succeeds. How an Etsy Seller Spends Her Time 2020 seller survey Reverb Services Reverb has several services that drive velocity in the marketplace and relieve friction in the purchase funnel. Bump: This is an on-site advertising platform, which enables Reverb sellers to gain prominent placement in search in exchange for a higher percentage of their items’ final sale price. Reverb Shipping Labels: Reverb provides sellers access to shipping labels at wholesale discounts, which reduces the cost and time it takes Reverb sellers to ship musical gear, and provides transparency through tracking information of when a buyer can expect to receive their item. Our Passionate and Engaged Etsy Sellers and Buyers Etsy Sellers Our sellers are the backbone of Etsy’s business and what matters most to them is our community of approximately 46 million buyers. In order to continue to support our sellers’ growth, we are focused on making Etsy the best place to start and run a creative business. We serve those creative entrepreneurs around the world who choose to pursue their passions, offering them a global base of millions of buyers and a cohesive suite of tools and services to help them run their business and drive sales. Etsy sellers range from hobbyists to professional merchants, and have a broad range of personal and professional goals. Our 2020 seller survey found that 61% of Etsy sellers are multi-channel sellers and on average Etsy is their primary source of sales. According to the 2020 seller survey: • 83% identify as women; • 66% consider their Etsy shop to be a business; • 95% run their shops from their homes; • 82% aspire to grow their sales in the future; and • 64% started their Etsy shop as a way to supplement income. 6 Table of Contents Our 2020 seller survey found that 29% of Etsy sellers were pursuing their creative business as their sole occupation. Etsy Sellers Etsy Buyers The Etsy marketplace supports a community of approximately 46 million buyers, who value self-expression, unique items, and buying directly from creative entrepreneurs. In a 2019 survey of Etsy buyers, 88% of buyers agreed that Etsy has items that you can’t find anywhere else. Etsy buyers can enjoy a personalized shopping experience and build relationships through direct interactions with Etsy sellers. Etsy buyers can also purchase customized items and craft supplies from Etsy sellers. By shopping on the Etsy marketplace, Etsy buyers are supporting creative entrepreneurs in their local communities and around the world. The vast majority of visits come to the Etsy marketplace from organic channels, including a large portion from buyers visiting Etsy directly as well as from non-paid channels such as search, social, email, and push notifications. We are focused on driving more new buyers to the platform and encouraging existing buyers to purchase more often. New buyers are considered unique buyers that have never made a purchase on the Etsy marketplace. During 2019, we had 19 million new Etsy buyers. GMS from new buyers was up 11% year-over-year and represented approximately 16% of overall Etsy.com GMS GMS from existing Etsy buyers grew 24% year-over-year in 2019 and represented approximately 84% of overall Etsy.com GMS, an increase compared to last year. Repeat Etsy buyers represent shoppers who made purchases on two or more days in the previous 12 months. We believe repeat purchases demonstrate the loyalty of Etsy buyers. In 2019 , on the Etsy marketplace, approximately 41.4% of our active buyers were repeat buyers, a slight increase compared to last year. Within that category, we are particularly focused on increasing our number of habitual buyers, or Etsy buyers who have spent $200 or more and made purchases on six or more days in the previous 12 months. As of December 31, 2019 habitual buyers grew to 2.5 million , an increase of 22.9% compared to 2018 . The growth in habitual buyers has accelerated for five consecutive quarters and is faster than overall active buyer growth, indicating our efforts to convert buyers into more loyal shoppers on the Etsy marketplace are seeing signs of success. 7 Table of Contents Active Buyers by Purchase Type 8 Table of Contents Etsy Seller & Buyer Retention On the Etsy marketplace, our active sellers and active buyers typically remain so for multiple years. For example, 36.2% of active sellers and 37.9% of active buyers as of December 31, 2016 continued to be active sellers and active buyers through their fourth year on the platform and 33.1% of active sellers and 37.5% of active buyers as of December 31, 2015 continued to be active sellers and active buyers through their fourth year on the platform. In addition, as of December 31, 2019 , 20.3% of active sellers have been selling on Etsy for more than four years. Likewise, as of December 31, 2019 , 27.4% of active buyers have been Etsy buyers for more than four years. Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 AVG GMS 2012 $1,079 $2,598 $3,935 $4,557 AVG GMS 2012 $96 $163 $173 $181 PER SELLER 2013 $1,260 $3,110 $4,190 $4,620 PER BUYER 2013 $96 $161 $168 $174 2014 $1,465 $3,325 $4,228 $4,615 2014 $99 $157 $164 $169 2015 $1,558 $3,296 $4,062 $4,939 2015 $101 $158 $163 $180 2016 $1,660 $3,198 $4,278 $5,004 2016 $101 $157 $174 $187 Cohorts of 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012 Active Sellers and Active Buyers See “ Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Key Factors Affecting Our Performance — Growth and Retention of Active Buyers and Active Sellers ” for more information. 9 Table of Contents Our Technology Our engineering team has built a sophisticated platform that enables millions of sellers and buyers to smoothly transact across borders, languages, and devices. We collect and analyze large volumes of data to enhance the performance of our platform and capture many user-generated events every day to produce personalized recommendations, improve our search experience and test features on our website. Our use of machine learning algorithms on the Etsy marketplace creates an engaging shopping experience and also helps Etsy sellers and Etsy buyers connect across our platform. We apply proprietary machine learning to the search and discovery processes, enabling shoppers to more easily browse, filter, and buy that perfect item, even when they may not have something specific in mind. Machine translation and machine learning also play an important role in making it easy for Etsy sellers and Etsy buyers to connect even if they don’t speak the same language. We translate listings within our Etsy marketplace, which we believe significantly increases the inventory available to non-English speaking Etsy buyers and gives Etsy sellers access to a truly global audience. In addition, our technology infrastructure allows us to scale our efforts across the platform. In late 2017, we announced our migration to Google Cloud, which we believe will enable us to focus on growing the Etsy marketplace, prioritize the buyer and seller experience, improve our search and discovery effectiveness, and increase the pace of launching new features. We achieved a significant milestone in 2019 by successfully migrating our search infrastructure to Google Cloud, and in February 2020 we completed the migration. We believe our cloud infrastructure will result in increased engineering efficiency shifting the focus from maintaining on-premise systems to product engineering work that is more strategic. We also believe it will enhance our overall infrastructure by providing faster processing speed, improved page load time, and more nimble fulfillment to capacity on an as needed basis. Commitment to Integrity and Transparency Members of our community rely on us to maintain trusted marketplaces. The trustworthiness of our platform and the connections among people in our community are cornerstones of our business. Our policies are designed to encourage transparency and clearly outline the rights and responsibilities of sellers and buyers participating on our platform. Transparency within our community helps to support our trustworthiness. For example, we have an impact strategy on which we provide our progress in this Annual Report. We are focused on enhancing customer service for our sellers and buyers, which we believe bolsters the trustworthiness of our platform. For example, in 2019, we continued to evolve our offerings with Zendesk to improve our customer experience. We expanded live chat support to our sellers, and phone support is now available for both buyers and sellers. On the Etsy marketplace, we strive to give the Etsy buyer comfort that she is purchasing goods from a shop that adheres to certain principles. Fundamentally, we require that goods listed on Etsy be handmade or unique and assembled with production partners, vintage, or craft supplies. Etsy buyers have a high degree of insight into Etsy sellers’ business practices. Our policies ask Etsy sellers to be transparent about themselves, their businesses and the goods they sell. We also annually report statistics regarding Etsy shops that do not meet our guidelines or which list items that infringe third party rights. We have dedicated teams and sophisticated tools to help enforce our policies. For example, our Integrity team uses a combination of machine learning, automated systems, and community-generated flags to review items listed on the Etsy marketplace and Etsy shops that may violate our policies. Our Trust and Safety team helps to prevent and detect fraud through human review and automated tools and algorithms. We also recognize that sometimes transactions don’t go as planned. When that happens, our online Case System provides a way for Etsy sellers and buyers to communicate with each other to resolve disputes. We also establish trust by emphasizing the person behind every transaction. We deepen connections between Etsy sellers and buyers through our direct communication tools, seller stories on our website and apps, and in-person events, highlighting personal relationships as a key part of the Etsy experience. 10 Table of Contents Our Strategy Since mid-2017, we have focused our strategy on growing the Etsy marketplace in our six core geographies and executing upon four key initiatives to make Etsy a better place to shop and sell. These initiatives involved making investments and improvements in search and discovery, trust and reliability, marketing capabilities, and seller tools and services. Successfully delivering on these initiatives has resulted in significant improvements to and growth of our marketplace. In order to deliver sustainable long-term growth, we are building upon this strategy to incorporate additional elements that we believe, over time, will make Etsy a best-in-class marketplace. Our investments in product, marketing, and talent will be focused on capitalizing on what we believe are our core competitive advantages; or what we think of as our “Right to Win.” The foundation of Etsy’s competitive advantage is our collection of our seller’s unique items, which we believe, when combined with best-in-class search and discovery, human connections, and a trusted brand, will enable us to continue to stand out among other e-commerce platforms and marketplaces. We lean into the humanity and vibrancy of our market, increasing the connection between Etsy buyers and sellers, establishing strong trust signals for product quality and customer experience, removing barriers to purchase, and giving Etsy sellers more ways to generate sales and scale their businesses. Ultimately, the goal of our long-term strategy is to drive more new buyers to the website, give existing buyers reasons to come back more often, encourage buyers to spend more per order, and fuel success for our sellers, which we believe will drive growth. The Etsy marketplace has a significant number of habitual buyers (Etsy buyers who have purchased $200 or more on Etsy and have made purchases on six or more purchase days in the last 12 months) and we believe we have the ability to attract many more buyers like them to the Etsy marketplace and convert them into habitual buyers. For example, we believe we can deepen engagement with our existing buyers by inspiring purchases in additional categories and on additional occasions. We also plan to continue supporting our sellers by focusing on enhancing the seller tools and services that will drive buyer demand. We see a number of similarities between the levers of growth for the Etsy and Reverb marketplaces, including improving search and discovery, making selling and buying easier, and building a global brand and user community. We believe that we are just getting started improving the virtuous cycle of growth for our marketplaces. Further expanding on these two primary components of our long-term strategy we will: 1. Focus on the Etsy marketplace in our six core geographies: The first component and foundation of our growth strategy remains to focus on the Etsy marketplace in our six core geographies (United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Australia and France). These six locations are where we have our largest concentrations of Etsy buyers and sellers and, consequently, where we believe we have the most significant opportunities for growth. We are building local marketplaces globally, deepening local Etsy communities around the world, each with its own ecosystem of Etsy sellers and buyers. A barometer of our local market vibrancy is the performance of our international domestic trade route, by which we mean GMS generated between a non-U.S. buyer and a non-U.S. seller both in the same country. Etsy.com GMS from this trade route grew approximately 37% in 2019 compared to 2018 , making it the fastest growing category of international GMS. We see significant opportunity to deliver a more localized shopping experience to non-U.S. buyers in the future, including investments in the elevation of local products and sellers in search, improving non-English search, and more local specific marketing and campaigns. 11 Table of Contents While we focus on our six core markets, we will also continue to evaluate additional geographies in which to make strategic investments. For example, our initial investments in India, particularly in regard to seller acquisition, have led to the region becoming a focus area outside of our core geographies. Our growth strategy also includes inorganic investments. Our 2018 strategic referral agreement with DaWanda in Germany and the 2019 acquisition of Reverb are examples of these types of investments. We may continue to acquire additional complementary marketplaces that are a strategic fit for the business and brand. 2. Build a sustainable competitive advantage: As described above, the second component of our strategy is predicated around building a sustainable competitive advantage centered on these four key elements: Our Collection of our Sellers' Unique Items: The foundation of Etsy’s competitive advantage is our collection of our sellers’ unique items. Etsy sellers’ unique items are a privilege we earn by being the best place for them to start and grow a creative business. The unique nature of the inventory we sell requires investment in a distinctive set of capabilities that helps high-quality items get made, listed, found, sold and delivered through our marketplace. The Etsy marketplace features approximately 65 million items listed across multiple retail categories, and boasts a large assortment of unique, handmade, vintage, and craft supply products from all over the world. This unique inventory is the result of having created a community that attracts, supports, and retains some of the world’s most talented makers. In a 2019 survey of Etsy buyers, 88% agreed that Etsy has items that you can’t find anywhere else - that something “special in a sea of sameness.” We believe the Etsy marketplace is the only place where you can find the depth and breadth of one-of-a-kind items, including millions that can be customized and personalized. The breadth and depth of the special items listed in the Etsy marketplace is the linchpin of our long-term strategy. However, the unique nature of these items requires that we invest in the other three elements of our long-term strategy: search and discovery, human connections, and our trusted brand in order deliver a best-in-class marketplace experience. Best-in-class search and discovery: We are focused on continuing to develop a search and discovery experience that unlocks the value of the unique items in the Etsy marketplace. With millions of items listed on Etsy that don’t map to a catalog or a stock keeping unit (“SKU”), our challenge is delivering world-class search and discovery technology that surfaces the right product to the right buyer at the right time in order to drive sales and buyer satisfaction. We are utilizing artificial intelligence and machine learning to help personalize the search experience and enable Etsy buyers to more easily browse, filter and find the item they desire. In 2019 , we significantly enhanced the search and discovery experience on the Etsy marketplace. As a result of migrating our search efforts to Google Cloud, we made foundational upgrades to our search ranking algorithms, which will continue to enable us to provide more relevant search results to buyers on the Etsy.com platform. We’ve transitioned from linear to nonlinear models, which now leverage a deeper understanding of the relationship between items, attributes and users. As we continue to iterate on our search initiatives, our algorithms will learn and deliver a more personalized shopping experience, deepening buyer engagement and driving greater visit and purchase frequency. The power of human connections: Our mission to “Keep Commerce Human” is a vital part of our strategy. We will continue to emphasize the role that humans play in every aspect of our business. What makes the Etsy marketplace special isn’t just the items in our marketplace; it’s also the stories of how those items were brought to life by the hands of real people. Our Etsy buyer experience highlights the story behind each item, and also allows Etsy buyers to create their own stories by working with an Etsy seller to personalize or customize items to their exact specifications. In fact, data shows that when an Etsy buyer reaches out to an Etsy seller with a question they are significantly more likely to purchase a listing from that seller, and conversion rate goes up as response time gets shorter. In 2019 , we rebranded our conversation tool on the Etsy marketplace and transformed the look and feel of the interface from an e-mail-like platform to a chat-like experience, enabling faster interactions that are more focused on shopping. We believe that fostering and elevating the quality of these interactions will enable us to drive buyer engagement, loyalty, and purchase frequency, and continue to differentiate Etsy from other e-commerce platforms. Shifting over time from our current item-first framework to one that highlights Etsy shops and sellers is a way to elevate the role of our makers and their creative processes. Our goal is to bring human connections to life through improvements in member support, seller forums management, our brand and marketing campaigns, and other ways that we promote the Etsy marketplace. Lastly, we plan to deepen loyalty by creating opportunities for Etsy buyers to experience Etsy across categories and occasions. 12 Table of Contents A brand you can trust: We will continue to focus on being a brand that inspires trust in our customers across the buyer journey -- when they search, purchase, anticipate and receive their special items, and all the steps in between. Since Etsy sellers have relatively unknown brands and unbranded items, we aim to ensure that the Etsy brand is recognized and valued for providing an excellent end-to-end experience. There are two key elements to being a trusted brand: standing for something that customers understand and rely on, and delivering a purchasing experience that feels safe and supportive. Our goal is to bolster trust in the Etsy brand, Etsy sellers, the items available on Etsy, and in the overall Etsy experience. In 2019 , we implemented free shipping on the Etsy marketplace by providing sellers with tools and support that enable them to offer free shipping on orders of $35 or more to U.S. buyers. In September, we launched a campaign to notify Etsy buyers of the new program, highlighting shops that are offering free shipping on their orders. As of December 31, 2019, 65% of items on the Etsy marketplace offered free shipping to U.S. buyers, 74% of U.S. listing views were eligible to ship for free, and 48% of orders were delivered with free shipping. We plan to continue to optimize the Etsy buyer shopping experience - to make it less fragmented and to remove friction. This will involve making sure that Etsy buyers can find what they want, can easily keep exploring for inspiration, and have the right information to make a purchase decision at every step along the way. We see significant room for additional improvements to our landing pages, our ability to surface recommendations, and continued improvements to friction in the purchase funnel. By focusing on free shipping, transparent delivery and returns, we can help buyers better understand what to expect across the Etsy marketplace. In addition, we plan to evolve our marketing strategy and investments to reinforce our core brand promise in the minds of Etsy buyers. We believe that we can continue to broaden our channel mix in the marketing funnel from predominately investing in performance marketing, which we expect to continue to drive buyer growth through channels such as product listings ads on Google or search engine marketing. We also expect to continue spend on upper funnel strategies like TV, expand new marketing channels such as social, optimize our spend in these channels and work with sellers to help them better understand the impact of marketing on their business (for example, with improved seller analytics tools), and to promote their shops to Etsy buyers. In addition to growth of the Etsy marketplace, our growth strategy includes continuing to evaluate opportunities for inorganic growth through investment, including geographic expansions (such as our 2018 agreement with DaWanda), adjacent marketplaces (such as our 2019 purchase of Reverb), vertical marketplace extensions, and technology additions, to name some examples. 13 Table of Contents Our Mission, Guiding Principles, and Team Mission Our mission to “Keep Commerce Human” is rooted in our belief that, although automation and commoditization are parts of modern life, human creativity cannot be automated and human connection cannot be commoditized. This is what makes us distinct from mass retailers. Our mission guides our daily decisions, sets the path for our long-term success and reinforces our commitment to make a positive social, economic, and environmental impact. Guiding Principles Our guiding principles define who we strive to be, inform our business decisions, and enable us to achieve our mission. Our guiding principles are: We commit to our craft. Our work has the power to change lives. That’s why we strive to continuously learn and excel at what we do. We minimize waste. Time, resources, and energy are precious, so we focus only on what will have the greatest impact. We embrace differences. Diverse teams are stronger, and inclusive cultures are more resilient. When we seek out different perspectives, we make better decisions and build better products. We dig deeper. The best solutions to meaningful challenges are rarely easy or obvious. We stay curious, balance our intuition with insights, and decide with confidence. We lead with optimism. We believe in our mission, and we believe in each other. We see the world as it is, set ambitious goals, and inspire one another with generosity of spirit. Together, we reimagine what’s possible. Our Team We pride ourselves on our action-oriented, values-based, and purpose-driven work culture. Our employees work hard to bring innovative ideas and energy every day to strengthen the experience for our sellers and buyers. As of December 31, 2019 , we had 1,240 employees worldwide, 184 of which were Reverb employees. 14 Table of Contents Our Impact Strategy and Progress We believe that consumers are demanding more of the businesses they support and that the companies best positioned to succeed will build win-win solutions that are good for people, the planet, and profit. We are committed to growing sustainably by aligning our mission, guiding principles, and business strategy. We have developed an impact strategy that reflects the positive economic, social, and environmental impact we want to have on the world while advancing and complementing our business strategy. Since announcing our impact strategy in 2017, we have matured and updated some of our goals to be more specific, measurable, and time bound. We expect to continue to evolve our impact strategy in the future as we grow and our impact work matures. We apply the same focus, discipline and accountability to our impact metrics, as we do our financial metrics; and together, they make us stronger and more resilient. We are pleased to share our progress as we execute on this strategy, and we will continue to report our results transparently as it relates to our impact goals. Where applicable, we have included Reverb in our 2019 Progress highlights. In 2019, we made significant progress across all three of our focus areas, including, most notably: • Etsy sellers contributed $6.16 billion to the U.S. economy, up 14.7% from our 2018 baseline; • We continued to attract and retain world-class talent, strengthened through diversity, leading the industry in gender balance, and exceeding our goal to double hiring of under-represented minorities at Etsy in 2019; and • The Etsy marketplace became the first major online shopping destination to offset 100% of emissions from shipping, completing our journey to become a carbon neutral company. 15 Table of Contents Economic Impact: Make creative entrepreneurship a path to economic security and personal empowerment 2019 GOALS 2019 PROGRESS 2020 GOALS Double U.S. Etsy sellers’ economic output by 2023 Expanding our Economic Impact Commissioned Etsy’s second economic impact study with ECONorthwest, an independent economic consulting firm, to explore the ways Etsy sellers in the United States contribute to the national economic landscape. We found that in 2019, Etsy sellers: - Contributed $6.16 billion to the U.S. economy, a 14.7% increase from our baseline of $5.73 billion in 2018; - Created 1.7 million jobs in the independent worker economy, enough jobs to employ the entire city of Phoenix, AZ; - Generated more than $2 billion in income; and, - Produced $3.45 billion in additional economic value by harnessing their creativity and bringing unique products to market. Create and grow economic opportunities for creative entrepreneurs. Target: Double U.S. Etsy sellers’ economic output by 2023. Invest in social programs that foster economic security and personal empowerment for our stakeholders Philanthropy Invested over $580 thousand in programs and initiatives that enable creative entrepreneurship, including our Maker Cities, Craft Entrepreneurship, and Etsy Disaster Relief programs that support Etsy sellers on their paths to economic security and personal empowerment, and through Reverb Gives, which supports musical education initiatives globally. — Community Engagement Collectively, Etsy employees donated over 3,400 hours of volunteer time in their communities through Etsy’s Volunteer Time Off program. Foster economic and personal empowerment among our stakeholders. Target: Invest in social programs that: - Promote economic opportunities for creative entrepreneurs. - Provide musical education to people in need. Advance public policies that increase economic security and reduce administrative burdens for creative entrepreneurs Advocating for Creative Entrepreneurs Continued advocating for public policies that enable creative entrepreneurs to start and grow their businesses, including net neutrality protections, portable benefits, tax simplification, sensible platform regulation, and reduction of barriers to cross-border trade. — Activating the Power of Etsy Sellers Etsy sellers advocated on the above issues in Washington, D.C., Brussels, and Paris, testified before the U.S. Senate Finance Committee, and generated over 12,000 messages to lawmakers on behalf of our community. Advocate for public policies that advance our commitments to economic empowerment, equity, and ecological sustainability. Target: Advance public policies that increase economic security and reduce administrative burdens for creative entrepreneurs. 16 Table of Contents Social Impact: Enable equitable access to the opportunities that we create 2019 GOALS 2019 PROGRESS 2020 GOALS Approximately double the percentage of Black and Latinx employees in Etsy’s workforce by 2023 Expanding our Diversity & Inclusion Infrastructure Established a robust Diversity & Inclusion infrastructure, with dedicated staffing, resources and support, inclusive of focused learning and development programs, internal and external events and marketing support, and dedicated recruiting support. — Attracting Diverse Talent By focusing on targeted recruitment of underrepresented minorities (URM), and renewed employer brand awareness efforts, we exceeded our 2019 URM hiring goal and made meaningful progress toward our 2023 goal. In 2019, Black and Latinx employees made up 15% of U.S. Etsy hires. As a result, Black and Latinx people make up 10.4% of our workforce, up from 8.5% in 2018. — Employee Engagement and Retention Launched targeted, URM-focused retention and leadership development initiatives. Initiatives included relaunching the Etsy Employee Resource Group initiative, newly equipped with a rewards and recognition program, and the launch of a Mentorship Program. We also laid the foundation for an engineering-specific sponsorship program, which we plan to roll out in 2020. — Pay Equity Continued to ensure fair pay practices throughout the business as we prepare to conduct our second pay equity study in 2020. Build diverse and inclusive workforces that are broadly representative of their communities. Targets: - Approximately double the percentage of Black and Latinx employees at Etsy by 2023. - Set a baseline and goals for Reverb’s performance and pay practices, hiring rubric, and diversity & inclusion strategy. Build a diverse, equitable, and sustainable supply chain to support our operations and bring value to both Etsy and our vendors Supply Chain Responsibility Through our supplier vetting program, collected impact data from 45% of Etsy’s suppliers, representing 84% of Etsy’s supplier spend in 2019, and developed a comprehensive baseline of our supply chain impact across key indicators. Of suppliers assessed in 2019, we found that: - 59% of Etsy’s spend went to companies that have set a greenhouse gas emissions reduction goal; and, - 46% of Etsy’s small and medium-sized suppliers (sole proprietors up to 250 employees) are owned by women, minorities or veterans. — Supplier Diversity In line with Etsy’s commitment to enable equitable access to economic opportunities, we are taking meaningful steps to ensure we have diverse representation across our supply chain. We are setting a short-term goal to ensure that by 2022, at least 50% of Etsy’s small- and medium-sized enterprise suppliers are owned by women, minorities, or veterans. At the same time, we’ll continue our foundational work to establish targets that address the ecological and economic impacts of our supply chain. — Responsible Labor Practices Introduced a more in-depth assessment of employment practices for Etsy suppliers providing contracted workforce. Build a diverse, equitable, and sustainable supply chain to support our operations and bring value to our company and our vendors. Target: Ensure at least 50% of Etsy’s small- and medium-sized enterprise suppliers are owned by women, minorities, or veterans by 2022. Make Etsy a more inclusive and welcoming marketplace for people from underrepresented backgrounds Embedding Diversity in Product Design Continued investing in this stream of work, embedding our insights into our product, expanding to focus on both our buyers and our sellers, and building an inviting and inclusive user experience. — Inclusive Marketing Meaningfully increased the number of Black and Latinx models and diverse product imagery within marketing materials for the Etsy marketplace during the peak holiday season. Ensure our marketplaces are diverse, welcoming, and inclusive places to sell and shop. Target: By 2021, define a key performance indicator and establish a baseline for marketplace diversity and inclusivity. 17 Table of Contents Ecological Impact: Build long-term resilience by eliminating our carbon impacts and fostering responsible resource use 2019 GOALS 2019 PROGRESS 2020 GOALS Utilize and source energy responsibly so that we can power our operations with 100% renewable electricity by 2020 and reduce the intensity of our energy use by 25% by 2025 Renewable Electricity Procured 76% of our electricity from renewable sources, up from 58% in 2018. This includes electricity used to power Etsy and Reverb’s global offices, and Etsy.com’s computing load in colocated data centers and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). — Energy Use In 2019, our total energy footprint was 9,857 MWh, with colocated data centers accounting for 4,081 MWh. To address data availability challenges associated with allocating energy consumption from the cloud, Etsy has developed an estimation methodology to account for our GCP computing footprint, which has been reviewed by industry experts. Based on this methodology, we estimate our energy consumption from GCP in 2019 to be 2,295 MWh. Quantification of our cloud energy consumption will allow us to meaningfully explore and activate levers of change to drive further cost and energy efficiencies in our computing footprint. We plan to share our estimation methodology publicly later this year. By making this methodology public, we hope to make it easier for peers to use and build on this approach, and to drive transparency, accountability and progress in efficient computing. — Energy Efficiency Our 2019 office energy footprint was 3,481 MWh. In offices where Etsy maintains operational control, we achieved a 33% reduction in energy intensity (kWh per square foot) across our global operations based on a 2016 baseline. Achieve best-in-class sustainable operations by sourcing 100% renewable electricity, reducing the intensity of our energy use, and running zero waste operations. Targets: - Source 100% of Etsy’s electricity from renewable sources by 2020. - Achieve a 25% reduction in the intensity of Etsy’s energy use by 2025. - Maintain a 90% waste diversion rate across global operations. Mitigate the ecological impact of our marketplace by offering carbon neutral shipping on 100% of transactions by 2020 Carbon Offset Shipping In February 2019, we announced immediate action to balance our footprint by offsetting 100% of our emissions generated from Etsy.com shipping through investment in verified emissions reductions (VERs). Carbon-offset shipping is good for the planet, and also resonates with our buyers, as we saw conversion rates increase on our checkout page when we included messaging about our carbon neutrality initiatives. This effort builds on our legacy of offsetting our other carbon emissions, which we have done since 2015. Since February 2019, Etsy.com has been running a carbon neutral business. We’ve balanced all of our measured emissions by investing in over 190,000 VERs, protecting forests, sponsoring wind and solar farms, and developing greener methods for producing auto parts. — Advocating for Climate-Friendly e-commerce We continue to take action in support of solutions that will help to drive carbon reduction in the long term, including advocating at the federal and state level for comprehensive climate and carbon reduction policies, and collaborating with peers on industry-wide efforts to drive efficiency and resilience in the shipping and logistics sector. Run a carbon neutral business. Target: Offset 100% of measured Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. Run zero waste operations by 2020 Diversion from Landfill In 2019, Etsy diverted 93% of waste generated from office and data center operations from landfill, and diverted 84% of waste generated across all global operations, including construction waste from capital projects. — Certified Zero Waste Facilities Completed certification of all of Etsy’s core offices as TRUE Zero Waste Facilities through the U.S. Green Building Council’s certification program. Establish our marketplaces as destinations for sustainably-minded shoppers and conscious living. Target: By 2021, define a key performance indicator and establish a baseline for marketplace sustainability. 18 Table of Contents Our mission to “Keep Commerce Human” means that we celebrate the uniqueness, authenticity, and richness of the human experience. Our diversity & inclusion efforts are integral to who we are as a company; namely, one that is in the business of servicing and celebrating the vibrant spectrum of unique and special qualities people possess. We are committed to reporting transparently on workforce diversity. All metrics below are as of December 31 of the stated year. Overall metrics include all employees globally. Leadership is defined as Director level and above. Engineering employees are defined as those employees who work within the Engineering Job Family Group. Tech employees are defined as those employees who work on Product, Engineering, Analytics and HR Information and Financial Systems Administration teams. Other business roles are defined as those employees who work in roles outside of the Tech definition, and is inclusive of non-tech Leadership positions. Gender and age metrics represent our global employee base, while race and ethnicity metrics represent U.S. employees only. 2019 metrics include both Etsy and Reverb employees, while metrics from previous years do not include Reverb employees. Board Overall Leadership Tech Engineering Other Business Roles † Etsy commissioned an external third party to perform attest procedures with respect to our diversity metrics as of December 31, 2019. Full details and data methodology are available at investors.etsy.com. ‡ Metrics for which historical data has also been subject to previous attest procedures. 19 Table of Contents RACE & ETHNICITY METRICS - U.S. ONLY Overall Leadership Tech Engineering Other Business Roles 2017 2018‡ 2019† 2017 2018‡ 2019† 2017 2018‡ 2019† 2017 2018‡ 2019† 2017 2018‡ 2019† American Indian or Alaska Native 0.2 % 0.1 % 0.1 % — % — % — % — % — % — % — % — % — % 0.3 % 0.3 % 0.2 % Asian 13.9 % 16.5 % 15.3 % 16.9 % 19.3 % 15.5 % 20.9 % 22.6 % 21.1 % 20.4 % 21.9 % 20.0 % 7.0 % 8.5 % 7.7 % Black/African American 4.4 % 3.7 % 5.2 % 3.4 % 3.4 % 2.7 % 3.3 % 2.6 % 4.6 % 4.2 % 3.2 % 5.1 % 5.4 % 5.5 % 5.9 % Hispanic 4.1 % 4.8 % 5.2 % 1.7 % — % 1.8 % 4.5 % 4.7 % 4.7 % 4.2 % 5.1 % 5.5 % 3.8 % 5.2 % 5.7 % Two or More Races 2.7 % 2.8 % 3.1 % 5.1 % 2.3 % 2.7 % 2.1 % 3 % 3.6 % 2 % 3.2 % 4.1 % 3.5 % 2.7 % 2.4 % White 71.8 % 67.0 % 64.6 % 72.9 % 75 % 72.7 % 65.6 % 60.8 % 58.8 % 65 % 60.8 % 58.4 % 78.1 % 74.8 % 72.1 % Not Declared 2.9 % 5.1 % 6.5 % — % — % 4.6 % 3.6 % 6.3 % 7.2 % 4.2 % 5.8 % 6.9 % 1.9 % 3 % 6.0 % AGE METRICS - GLOBAL 2017 2018‡ 2019† 24 years and younger 4.2 % 5.3 % 4.3 % 25-29 years 28.4 % 27.9 % 27.6 % 30-34 years 34.1 % 32.2 % 34.9 % 35-39 years 21.2 % 20.8 % 19.5 % 40-49 years 9.4 % 11.1 % 11.0 % 50+ years 2.7 % 2.7 % 2.7 % † Etsy commissioned an external third party to perform attest procedures with respect to our diversity metrics as of December 31, 2019. Full details and data methodology are available at investors.etsy.com. ‡ Metrics for which historical data has also been subject to previous attest procedures. 20 Table of Contents SASB Disclosure The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board’s (SASB) mission is to develop sustainability metrics for public corporations to disclose material, decision-useful information to investors. Etsy supports work that contributes directly to generating comparable and consistent data. We have considered SASB’s Consumer Goods Sector – E-Commerce industry standard and have provided key details below. SASB Metrics SASB Code Metric 2017 2018 2019 CG-EC-000.A Entity-defined measure of user activity Active buyers (thousands) 33,364 39,447 46,351 Active sellers (thousands) 1,933 2,115 2,699 CG-EC-000.B Data processing capacity In December 2017, Etsy announced our Google Cloud Partnership, an initiative to transition Etsy.com infrastructure to Google Cloud Platform (GCP). In February 2020, we completed our full migration to GCP. We believe this transition will result in increased engineering efficiency, and enhance our overall infrastructure by providing faster processing speed, improved page load time, and more nimble fulfillment to capacity on an as needed basis. Percentage outsourced 100 % 100 % 100 % Hardware Infrastructure Energy & Water Management CG-EC-130a.1 Total energy consumed, MWh (Etsy only) 7,111 7,330 6,376 Percentage renewable energy (Etsy only) 32 % 65 % 89 % Percentage grid electricity (Etsy only) 100 % 100 % 100 % CG-EC-130.a Discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into strategic planning for data center needs. Etsy’s goals include powering our operations with 100% renewable electricity by 2020, and reducing the intensity of our energy use by 25% by 2025. These goals are included as key considerations as we plan for our computing needs, and have been a focus of our sustainability efforts. When transitioning to a cloud computing infrastructure, we selected GCP, a partner that shares our commitment to 100% renewable electricity. Their highly efficient data centers are expected to help us save significant energy. Moreover, moving to flexible cloud-based infrastructure should enable us to reduce major idle time and associated energy consumption. We actively monitor and manage energy consumption from our computing infrastructure. In 2019, our colocated data centers consumed 4,081 MWh and we estimate that our energy consumption in GCP was 2,295 MWh, based on a methodology developed by Etsy and reviewed by industry experts. Quantification of our cloud energy consumption will allow us to meaningfully explore and activate levers of change to drive further cost and energy efficiencies in our computing footprint. Our 2019 hardware infrastructure footprint does not include Reverb, but we plan to include Reverb’s computing footprint in our 2020 analysis. In 2018, Etsy entered into a virtual power purchase agreement for solar energy in Virginia. Once operational, this project is expected to provide us with renewable attributes to apply to our operations and computing infrastructure, furthering our goals of creating a cleaner internet and reducing our impact on the planet. Data Privacy and Advertising Standards CG-EC-220a.2 Description of the policies and practices relating to behavioral advertising and user privacy . We care deeply about privacy and we’re committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat personal information. Etsy’s Privacy Policy provides a detailed explanation of our privacy practices. Among other things, our Privacy Policy covers the user information that Etsy collects or receives, the choices and control that a user has in relation to this data including based on type and sensitivity, the purpose for which Etsy uses such information (including first and third party advertising purposes), our policies relating to our usage and sharing within Etsy and its affiliates, and user controls for sharing and controlling such information with third parties. Data Security CG-EC-230a.1 Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks. Data security is overseen by our Chief Information Security Officer who reports to our Chief Technology Officer. We strive to protect sensitive information through various means, such as technical safeguards, procedural requirements and policies, an intensive program of monitoring on both our web platform and within our corporate network, continuous testing of aspects of our security posture internally and with outside vendors, a robust incident response program, and regular training for employees. Employee Recruitment, Inclusion and Performance CG-EC-330a.1 Employee engagement as a percentage (Etsy only) 60 % 70 % 76 % Employee engagement as a percentage and discussion of methodology. In May 2019, Etsy conducted an engagement survey of all global employees. Of employees surveyed, 93% submitted a response. Seventy-six percent of respondents reported favorable employee engagement. The survey was conducted through the Culture Amp platform and consisted of 51 questions - 48 rating questions on which employees were asked to indicate their level of agreement with a statement based on a five-point scale from Strongly Agree to Strongly Disagree, and three free-text questions to which employees were asked to write out a response. The responses were analyzed against the results from a similar survey conducted in 2018, as well as Culture Amp's 2019 New Tech - 500+ Benchmark, which consists of survey results from companies that are primarily internet-based or focused on creating new technologies, and that have between 500 and 5,000 employees. CG-EC-330a.3 Gender and racial/ethnic group representation for leadership, technical staff and other business functions See Impact Strategy section for detailed metrics. Discussion of diversity and inclusion strategy and performance See Impact Strategy - Social Impact for details. 21 Table of Contents SASB Metrics SASB Code Metric 2017 2018 2019 CG-EC-330a.4 Percentage of technical employees who are H-1B visa holders 2.5 % 3.5 % Product Packaging and Distribution CG-EC-410a.1 Total greenhouse gas (GHG) footprint of product shipments in metric tons CO 2 e (Etsy only) 118,153 ‡ 135,459 ‡ 154,078 † CG-EC-410a.2 Discussion of strategies to reduce the environmental impact of product delivery. The delivery of products sold on our marketplace represents the majority of Etsy’s carbon footprint. As a peer-to-peer marketplace, Etsy does not directly control seller shipping or the associated logistics networks, however, we are committed to addressing carbon emissions from shipping. In February 2019, we announced immediate action to balance our footprint by offsetting 100% of our emissions generated from Etsy.com shipping through investment in verified emissions reductions. In addition, we continue to take action in support of solutions that will help to drive carbon reduction in the long term, including advocating at the federal and state level for comprehensive climate and carbon reduction policies, and collaborating with peers on industry-wide efforts to drive efficiency and resilience in the shipping and logistics sector. Our 2019 shipping footprint does not include Reverb.com shipments, but we plan to include Reverb’s shipping emissions in our 2020 footprint. Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) Emissions Summary (tCO 2 e) 2017 2018 2019 GHG Emissions by Scope Scope 1 467 ‡ 372 ‡ 371 † Scope 2 - Market 2,209 ‡ 1,213 ‡ 652 † Scope 2 - Location 3,152 ‡ 2,923 ‡ 1,859 † Scope 3 119,444 137,042 155,967 Scope 3 GHG Emissions by Activity Source Shipping (Etsy only) 118,153 ‡ 135,459 ‡ 154,078 † Air Travel 550 ‡ 943 ‡ 1,217 † Commuting 663 544 510 Remote Workers 64 87 114 Cloud Computing - Market (Etsy only) 29 † Waste 7 6 13 Water 4 3 6 Electricity, Transmission and Distribution Losses 3 <1 <1 Our 2019 greenhouse gas emissions include both Etsy and Reverb, unless otherwise stated, while previous years include only Etsy. Reverb’s footprint has been accounted for from the date of acquisition forward. Etsy has included emissions generated from our colocated data centers as Scope 2 emissions, consistent with prior years. Emissions generated from cloud computing are classified as Scope 3 emissions. † Etsy commissioned an external third party to perform attest procedures with respect to our carbon and energy metrics for the period from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019. Full details and data methodology are available at investors.etsy.com. ‡ Metrics for which historical data has also been subject to previous attest procedures. 22 Table of Contents Competition Sellers can list their goods for sale with online retailers or sell their goods through local consignment and vintage stores and other venues and marketplaces, including through commerce channels on social networks like Facebook and Instagram. They may also sell wholesale directly to traditional retailers, including large national retailers, who discover their goods in our marketplaces or otherwise. We also compete with companies that sell software and services to small businesses, enabling sellers to sell from their own website or otherwise run their business independently of our platform. We are able to compete for sellers based on our brand awareness, the global scale of our marketplaces and the breadth of our online presence, the number and engagement of buyers, our seller tools and services, our seller education resources, our policies and fees, our mobile apps, the strength of our community, and our values. We also compete with retailers for the attention of the buyer. A buyer has the choice of shopping with any online or offline retailer, whether large marketplaces or national retail chains or local consignment and vintage stores or other venues or marketplaces. We are able to compete for buyers based on the unique goods that sellers list in our marketplaces, our brand awareness, the person-to-person commerce experience, customer service, our reputation for trustworthiness, our mobile apps, the availability of fair and free shipping offered by sellers, ease of payment, and the availability and reliability of our platform. Intellectual Property Protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important component of our success. We rely on intellectual property laws, including patent, trade secret, copyright, and trademark laws, in the United States and abroad. We also use confidentiality procedures, defensive licensing and acquisitions, non-disclosure agreements, invention assignment agreements, and other contractual rights to protect us and our intellectual property. We file patents and register domain names, trademarks, copyrights, and service marks in the United States and abroad. We rely upon unregistered copyrights and common law protection for certain trademarks. We also use internal and external brand protection mechanisms that are intended to protect our brands from misuse by third parties. Government Regulation As with any company operating on the internet, we are subject to a growing number of local, national, and international laws and regulations. These laws are often complex, sometimes contradict other laws, and are frequently changing. Laws may be interpreted and enforced in different ways in various locations around the world, posing a significant challenge to our global business. For example, U.S. federal and state laws, E.U. directives, and other national laws govern the processing of payments, consumer protection, and the privacy of consumer information; other laws define and regulate unfair and deceptive trade practices. Still other laws dictate when and how sales or other taxes must be collected. Laws of defamation apply online and vary by country. The growing regulation of e-commerce worldwide could impose additional compliance burdens and costs on us or on sellers and could subject us to significant liability for any failure to comply. Additionally, because we operate internationally, we need to comply with various laws associated with doing business outside of the United States, including anti-money laundering, sanctions, anti-corruption, and export control laws. 23 Table of Contents Available Information We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (“the Exchange Act”), and file or furnish reports, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission, (the “SEC”). These reports are available free of charge on our website at investors.etsy.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed or furnished them to the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report and investors should not rely on such information in deciding whether to invest in our common stock. Copies of our SEC reports and other documents are also available, without charge, by sending a letter to Investor Relations, Etsy, Inc., 117 Adams Street, Brooklyn, NY 11201, by sending an email to ir@etsy.com or by calling (347) 382-7582. Our SEC reports are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed or furnished them to the SEC. 24 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors . Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes, and the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. As a result, the price of our securities could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. In addition, factors other than those discussed below or in other of our reports filed with or furnished to the SEC also could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that the risk factors described below or elsewhere in our reports address all potential risks that we may face. These risk factors also serve to describe factors which may cause our results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements included herein or in other documents or statements that make reference to this Annual Report. See “Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements.” Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our quarterly operating results, as well as our key metrics, may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control, including: • fluctuations in GMS or revenue, including as a result of the seasonality of market transactions, and our sellers’ use of services; • our ability to convert visits into sales for our sellers; • the amount and timing of our operating expenses; • our success in attracting and retaining sellers and buyers; • our success in executing on our strategy and the impact of any changes in our strategy; • the timing and success of product launches, including new services and features we may introduce, such as our free shipping initiative and changes to our on-site and off-site ads products, including changes to our advertising products that we intend to launch in the second quarter of 2020; • the success of our marketing efforts; • the success of our integration of acquired businesses, such as Reverb, which we acquired in 2019; • adverse economic and market conditions, such as currency fluctuations and adverse global events; • disruptions or defects in our marketplaces, such as privacy or data security breaches, errors in our software, or other incidents that impact the availability, reliability, or performance of our platform; • the impact of competitive developments and our response to those developments; • our ability to manage our business and future growth; and • our ability to recruit and retain employees. Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results and key metrics may cause those results to fall below our financial guidance or other projections, or the expectations of analysts or investors, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. Fluctuations in our results could also cause a number of other problems. For example, analysts or investors might change their models for valuing our common stock, we could experience short-term liquidity issues, our ability to retain or attract key personnel may diminish, and other unanticipated issues may arise. In addition, we believe that our quarterly operating results and key metrics may vary in the future and that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. For example, our overall historical growth rate may have overshadowed the effect of seasonal variations on our historical operating results. These seasonal effects may become more pronounced over time, which could also cause our operating results and key metrics to fluctuate. You should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication of future performance. 25 Table of Contents If we are unable to successfully execute on our business strategy or if our strategy proves to be ineffective, our business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. Our ability to execute our strategy is dependent on a number of factors, including the ability of our senior management team and key team leaders to execute the strategy, our ability to maintain our pace of product experiments coupled with the success of such initiatives and our ability to meet the changing needs of our sellers and buyers, and the ability of our employees to perform at a high level. If we are unable to execute our strategy, if our strategy does not drive the growth that we anticipate, if the public perception is that we are not executing on our strategy, or if our market opportunity is not as large as we have estimated, it could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth. Our business, financial performance and growth depends on our ability to attract and retain an active and engaged community of buyers and sellers. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in attracting and retaining active buyers and active sellers. For example, our revenue is driven by the number of active buyers and buyer engagement, as well as the number of active sellers and seller engagement. We must encourage buyers to return to us and purchase items in our marketplaces more frequently. We must also continue to encourage our sellers to list items for sale and use our services. We believe that many new buyers and sellers find us by word of mouth and other non-paid referrals from existing buyers and sellers. If existing buyers do not find our platform appealing, whether because of a negative experience, lack of competitive shipping costs, inadequate customer service, lack of buyer-friendly features, declining interest in the nature of the goods offered by our sellers, or other factors, they may make fewer purchases and they may stop referring others to us. Likewise, if existing sellers are dissatisfied with their experience on our platform, they may stop listing items in our marketplaces and using our services and may stop referring others to us. Under any of these circumstances, we may have difficulty attracting new buyers and sellers without incurring additional expense. Our GMS and revenue is concentrated in our most active buyers and sellers. If we lose those buyers and sellers, our financial performance and growth could be harmed. Even if we are able to attract new buyers and sellers to replace the ones that we lose, they may not maintain the same level of activity, and the GMS and revenue generated from new buyers and sellers may not be as high as the GMS and revenue generated from the ones who leave our marketplaces. If we are unable to retain existing buyers and sellers and attract new buyers and sellers who contribute to an active community, our business, financial performance, and growth would be harmed. Additionally, the demand for the goods listed in our marketplaces is dependent on consumer preferences which can change quickly and may differ across generations and cultures. If demand for the goods that our sellers offer declines, we may not be able to attract and retain our buyers and our business would be harmed. Trends in socially-conscious consumerism and buying unique or vintage rather than mass produced goods, which has historically been beneficial to our business, could also shift or slow which would make it more difficult to attract new buyers and sellers. In addition, our growth would also be harmed if the shift from brick and mortar retail to e-commerce does not continue. Our company has only recently become profitable, and we may not maintain the current rate of revenue growth or profitability in the future. We have experienced rapid growth in our business, in the number of buyers and sellers and in the number of countries in which we have sellers and buyers, and we plan to continue to grow in the future. Our costs may increase as we continue to invest in the development of our platform, including our services and technological enhancements, and increase our marketing efforts, expand our operations, and hire additional employees. Further, the growth of our business places significant demands on our management team and pressure to expand our operational and financial infrastructure. For example, we may need to continue to develop and improve our operational, financial, and management controls and enhance our reporting systems and procedures in line with our current growth. If we do not manage our growth effectively, the increases in our operating expenses could outpace any increases in our revenue and our business could be harmed. In addition, our revenue may decline and our revenue growth rate may decelerate for a number of reasons, including the deceleration of our GMS growth rate and other factors described elsewhere in these Risk Factors. For further information about the rate of revenue and GMS growth, see “ Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations — Revenue .” You should not rely on growth rates of prior periods as an indication of our future performance. 26 Table of Contents Our business could be adversely affected by economic downturns, natural disasters, public health crises, political crises or other unexpected events. Macroeconomic conditions may adversely affect our business. If general economic conditions deteriorate in the United States or other markets where we operate, consumer discretionary spending may decline and demand for the goods and services available in our platform may be reduced. This would cause our Marketplace and Services revenue to decline and adversely impact our business. Conversely, if recent trends supporting self-employment and the desire for supplemental income were to reverse, the number of sellers offering their goods in our marketplaces could decline and the number of goods listed in our marketplaces could decline. In addition, currency exchange rates may directly and indirectly impact our business. For example, continued uncertainty around the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union, or E.U., commonly referred to as Brexit, may result in future exchange rate volatility, which may strengthen the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, our translation of foreign currency denominated GMS and revenue will result in lower U.S. denominated GMS and revenue. Currency exchange rates may also dampen demand from buyers outside the United States for goods denominated in U.S. dollars, which could impact GMS and revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2019 , approximately 81% of our GMS was denominated in U.S. dollars. Natural disasters and other adverse weather and climate conditions, public health crises, political instability or crises, terrorist attacks, war or other unexpected events, could disrupt our operations, internet or mobile networks, or the operations of one or more of our third-party service providers. Certain events, such as hurricanes and other natural disasters, political instability or crises, public health crises and significant news items in the United States or internationally that distract the public, may impact buyer behavior for discretionary goods and sellers’ ability to run their businesses on our marketplaces and ship their goods, which may increase seller defaults and delinquencies. These kinds of events may also impact consumer perceptions of well-being and security, which may adversely impact consumer discretionary spending. If any of these events occurs, our business could be adversely affected. Our ability to recruit and retain employees is important to our success. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees, including our management team, is important to our success. We strive to attract, retain, and motivate employees, from our office administrators to our engineers to our management team, who share our dedication to our community and our mission to “Keep Commerce Human.” We cannot guarantee we will continue to attract and retain the number or caliber of employees we need to maintain our competitive position. Some of the challenges we face in attracting and retaining employees include: • perceived uncertainties as to our commitment to our mission, guiding principles and culture; • skepticism regarding our ability to continue to accelerate GMS growth in the future; • continuing to offer competitive compensation and benefits; • enhancing engagement levels among existing employees and supporting their work-life balance; • attracting and retaining qualified employees who support our mission and guiding principles; • promotion opportunities for employees into leadership positions; • hiring employees in multiple locations globally; and • responding to competitive pressures and changing business conditions in ways that do not divert us from our guiding principles. Filling engineering, product management, and other technical positions, particularly in New York City, San Francisco, and Chicago is challenging. Qualified individuals are limited and in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract, develop, and motivate them. Even if we were to offer higher compensation and other benefits, people with suitable technical skills may choose not to join us or to continue to work for us. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the stock awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our stock awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. In general, our employees, including our management team, work for us on an at-will basis. The unexpected loss of or failure to retain one or more of our key employees, such as our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Chief Technology Officer, or unsuccessful succession planning, could adversely affect our business. Other companies, including our competitors, 27 Table of Contents may be successful in recruiting and hiring our employees, and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements on a timely basis or on competitive terms. If we experience increased voluntary attrition in the future and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, particularly in critical areas of operations such as engineering, we may not achieve our strategic goals and our business and operations could be harmed. The trustworthiness of our marketplaces and the connections within our community are important to our success. If we are unable to maintain them, our ability to attract and retain sellers and buyers could suffer. We are focused on ensuring that our marketplaces embody our values-based culture and that we deliver trust and reliability throughout the buyer experience. Our reputation depends upon our sellers, the quality of their offerings and their adherence to our policies. The trustworthiness of our marketplaces and the connections among the members of our community are the cornerstones of our business. Many things could undermine these cornerstones, such as: • complaints or negative publicity about us, our platform or our policies and guidelines, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents; • an inability to gain the trust of prospective buyers; • disruptions or defects in our marketplaces, such as the increased pace of product experimentation, privacy or data security breaches, website outages, payment disruptions or other incidents that impact the reliability of our platform; • lack of awareness of our policies or confusion about how they are applied; • changes to our policies that members of our community perceive as inconsistent with their best interests or our mission, or that are not clearly articulated; • inadequacies in our terms of use; • frequent product launches or updates that could deteriorate member trust; • a failure to enforce our policies effectively, fairly and transparently, including, for example, by allowing the widespread listing of prohibited items in our marketplaces; • inadequate or unsatisfactory customer service experiences; • a failure to respond to feedback from our community; or • a failure to operate our business in a way that is consistent with our guiding principles and mission. Creating a trusted brand is one of the key elements of our strategy. In particular, we are focused on enhancing customer service for sellers and buyers. For example, in 2019, we continued to evolve our offerings with Zendesk to improve our customer experience on the Etsy marketplace. In addition, we plan to introduce new customer service features and tools to support a positive user experience on the Etsy marketplace. If our efforts to enhance customer service are unsuccessful or if our customer service platform fails to meet our needs, we may need to invest additional resources in customer service and our ability to maintain trustworthy marketplaces could be harmed. If we are unable to maintain trustworthy marketplaces and encourage connections among members of our community, then our ability to attract and retain sellers and buyers could be impaired and our reputation and business could be adversely affected. If we are not able to keep pace with technological changes and enhance our current offerings and develop new offerings to respond to the changing needs of sellers and buyers, our business, financial performance and growth may be harmed. Our industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology, new service and product introductions, and changing customer demands and we are not able to predict the effect of these changes on our business. The technologies that we currently use to support our platform may become inadequate or obsolete and the cost of incorporating new technologies into our products and services may be substantial. We strive to respond to evolving customer needs and regularly launch new products, features and services including, for example, Etsy’s free shipping initiative and the planned changes to our advertising products expected to launch in the second quarter of 2020. Our sellers and buyers, however, may not be satisfied with our enhancements or new 28 Table of Contents offerings or may perceive that these offerings do not respond to their needs or create value for them. Additionally, as we experiment with new offerings or changes to our platform, our sellers and buyers may find these changes to be disruptive and may perceive them negatively. In addition, developing new services and features is complex, and the timetable for public launch is difficult to predict and may vary from our historical experience. As a result, the introduction of new offerings may occur after anticipated release dates or they may be introduced as pilot programs, which may not be continued for various reasons. In addition, new offerings may not be successful due to defects or errors, negative publicity, or our failure to market them effectively. New offerings may not drive GMS or revenue growth, may require substantial investment and planning, and may bring us more directly into competition with companies that are better established or have greater resources than we do. If we do not continue to cost-effectively develop new offerings that satisfy sellers and buyers, then our competitive position and growth prospects may be harmed. In addition, new offerings may not drive the GMS or revenue that we anticipate, may have lower margins than we anticipate or than existing offerings, and our revenue from the new offerings may not be enough to offset the cost of developing and maintaining them, which could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth. Our marketing efforts to help grow our business may not be effective. Maintaining and promoting awareness of our marketplaces and services is important to our ability to attract and retain sellers and buyers. One of the key parts of our strategy for the Etsy marketplace is to bring more new buyers to the marketplace and create more habitual buyers by inspiring purchases across multiple categories and special occasions. We continue to iterate on our marketing strategies, which may not succeed for a variety of reasons, including our inability to execute and implement our plans. External factors beyond our control may also impact the success of our marketing initiatives. Our primary marketing efforts currently include search engine optimization, search engine marketing, affiliate marketing and display advertising, as well as social media, mobile push notifications, and email. Additionally, we engage in brand advertising via channels such as television and digital video advertising. We obtain a significant number of visits via search engines such as Google. Search engines frequently change the algorithms that determine the ranking and display of results of a user’s search and may make other changes to the way results are displayed, which can negatively affect the placement of links to our marketplaces and, therefore, reduce the number of visits to our marketplaces. We also obtain a significant number of visits from social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest. Search engines, social networks, and other third-parties typically require compliance with their policies and procedures, which may be subject to change or new interpretation with limited ability to negotiate, which could negatively impact our marketing capabilities (including marketing services for our sellers) and GMS. The growing use of online ad-blocking software, including on mobile devices, may also impact the success of our marketing efforts because we may reach a smaller audience and fail to bring more buyers to our platform. In addition, ongoing privacy regulatory changes, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), may impact the scope and effectiveness of marketing and advertising services generally, including those used on our platform. We also obtain a significant number of visits through email. If we are unable to successfully deliver emails to our sellers and buyers, or if our sellers and buyers do not open our emails, whether by choice, because those emails are marked as low priority or spam, or for other reasons, our business could be adversely affected. As e-commerce, search, and social networking evolve, we must continue to evolve our marketing tactics accordingly and, if we are unable to do so, our business could be adversely affected. If the mobile solutions available to sellers and buyers are not effective, the use of our marketplaces could decline. Purchases made on mobile devices by consumers, including our buyers, have increased significantly in recent years. The smaller screen size and reduced functionality associated with some mobile devices may make the use of our platform more difficult or less appealing. Our sellers are also increasingly using mobile devices to operate their businesses on our platform. If we are not able to deliver a rewarding experience on mobile devices, our sellers’ ability to manage and scale their businesses may be harmed and, consequently, our business may suffer. Further, although we strive to provide engaging mobile experiences for both sellers and buyers who visit our mobile websites using a browser on their mobile device, we depend on our sellers and buyers using our mobile apps for the optimal mobile experience. Mobile web conversion rate is lower than our desktop and Buy on Etsy app conversion rates. Therefore, if mobile web visits continue to grow as a percentage of overall visits, it could be a headwind to future conversion rate gains and result in less GMS and revenue for us. 29 Table of Contents As new mobile devices and mobile platforms are released, we may encounter problems in developing or supporting apps for them. In addition, supporting new devices and mobile device operating systems may require substantial time and resources. The success of our mobile apps could also be harmed by factors outside our control, such as: • actions taken by providers of mobile operating systems or mobile app download stores; • unfavorable treatment received by our mobile apps, especially as compared to competing apps, such as the placement of our mobile apps in a mobile app download store; • increased costs to distribute or use our mobile apps; or • changes in mobile operating systems, such as iOS and Android, that degrade the functionality of our mobile website or mobile apps or that give preferential treatment to competitive products. If sellers and buyers encounter difficulty accessing or using our platform on their mobile devices, or if they choose not to use our platform on their mobile devices, our business, financial performance, and growth may be adversely affected. Expanding our community outside of the United States is part of our strategy and the growth of our business could be harmed if our expansion efforts do not succeed. Our vision is both global and local and we are focused on growing our business outside of the United States. Although we have a significant number of sellers and buyers outside of the United States, we are a U.S.-based company with less experience developing local markets outside the United States and may not execute our strategy successfully. Operating outside of the United States also requires significant management attention, including managing operations over a broad geographic area with varying cultural norms and customs, and adapting our platform to local markets. Despite our execution efforts, the goods that sellers list on our sites may not appeal to non-U.S. consumers in the same way as they do to consumers in the United States. In addition, non-U.S. buyers are not as familiar with the Etsy and Reverb brands as buyers in the United States and may not perceive us as relevant or trustworthy. Also, visits to our marketplaces from buyers outside the United States may not convert into sales as often as visits from within the United States, including due to the impact of the strong U.S. dollar relative to other currencies and the fact that most of the goods listed on our platform are denominated in U.S. dollars. Our ability to grow our international operations may also be adversely affected by any circumstances that reduce or hinder cross-border trade. For example, the shipping of goods cross-border is typically more expensive and slower than domestic shipping and often involves complex customs and duty inspections and the dependency of national postal carrier systems. If jurisdictions become increasingly fragmented, with additional tariffs and customs that increase the cost or complexity of cross-border trade, whether on the seller’s sourcing of materials or between the seller and buyer, our business could be adversely impacted. Our success outside the United States depends upon our ability to attract sellers and buyers from the same countries in order to enable the growth of local markets. If we are not able to expand outside of the United States successfully, our growth prospects could be harmed. An inability to develop our community globally or to otherwise grow our business outside of the United States on a cost-effective basis could adversely affect our GMS, revenue, and operating results. Competition is also likely to intensify outside of the United States, both where we operate now and where we plan to expand. Local companies based outside the United States may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, their local markets. Some of our competitors may also be able to develop and grow internationally more quickly than we will. Continued expansion outside of the United States may also require significant financial investment. For example, in June 2018, we announced a referral agreement with DaWanda, a German e-commerce marketplace, which encouraged the migration of DaWanda buyers and sellers to Etsy’s marketplace and helped expand Etsy’s presence in Central Europe. Etsy also made initial investments to explore growth opportunities in India, a dynamic market where we have limited operating experience. We plan to invest in seller and buyer acquisition marketing, enhancing our machine translation and machine learning to help sellers and buyers connect even if they do not speak the same language, forming relationships with third-party service providers, supporting operations in multiple countries, and potentially acquiring companies based outside the United States and integrating those companies with our operations. Our investment outside of the United States may be more costly than we expect or unsuccessful. 30 Table of Contents Further expansion outside of the United States will subject us to risks associated with operations abroad. Doing business outside of the United States subjects us to increased risks and burdens such as: • complying with different (and sometimes conflicting) laws and regulatory standards (particularly including those related to the use and disclosure of personal information, online payments and money transmission, intellectual property, consumer protection, online platform liability and taxation of goods and services); • fluctuations of foreign exchange rates; • potentially heightened risk of fraudulent or other illegal transactions; • limitations on the repatriation of funds; • exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and export control laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, trade controls and sanctions administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; • varying levels of internet, e-commerce, and mobile technology adoption and infrastructure; • our ability to enforce contracts and intellectual property rights in jurisdictions outside the United States; • geopolitical events such as natural disasters, terrorism and acts of war; • uncertainties and instability in U.K. and European markets caused by Brexit; and • barriers to international trade, such as tariffs, customs or other taxes. Our sellers face similar risks in conducting their businesses across borders. Even if we are successful in managing the risks of conducting our business across borders, if our sellers are not, our business could be adversely affected. In particular, buyers and sellers seeking to engage in cross-border sales may become subject to an increasing number of barriers to international trade such as tariffs, customs or other taxes. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our operations outside of the United States and cannot manage these risks effectively, the costs of doing business in those markets may be prohibitive or our expenses may increase disproportionately to the revenue generated in those markets. Legal, political and economic uncertainty surrounding the United Kingdom’s recent departure from the European Union may be a source of instability in international markets, create significant currency fluctuations, adversely affect our operations in the United Kingdom and pose additional risks to our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the E.U. Under the terms of its withdrawal, the United Kingdom will be subject to a transition period until December 31, 2020, during which the United Kingdom will remain in the single market and customs union. The United Kingdom and the E.U. have begun negotiations to determine these relationships following the expiration of the transition period. Lack of clarity about future U.K. laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which E.U. rules and regulations to replace or replicate, including financial laws and regulations, tax and free trade agreements, intellectual property rights, supply chain logistics, privacy and information security laws, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, immigration laws and employment laws, could decrease foreign direct investment in the United Kingdom, increase costs and depress economic activity. In addition, depending on the terms of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the E.U., the United Kingdom could lose the benefits of global trade agreements negotiated by the E.U. on behalf of its members. The long-term effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements (or lack thereof) between the United Kingdom and the E.U. and, in particular, any arrangements for the United Kingdom to retain access to E.U. markets going forward. The United Kingdom is one of our core markets. We are continuing to monitor Brexit developments to enable us to adjust our business and operations as appropriate with the goal of continuing to provide services to our United Kingdom and E.U. buyers and sellers after the transition period ends, including in the event of loss of all U.K. access to E.U. markets as well as lack of favorable resolution with regard to other E.U. rules and regulations. A failure by the U.K. and E.U. to negotiate agreements favorable to the United Kingdom by the end of the transition period and ongoing uncertainty with respect to potential divergent 31 Table of Contents regulatory standards, however, could result in additional operational, regulatory and compliance costs to us as well as decreased revenue, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Regulation in the areas of privacy and protection of user data could harm our business. In addition to the actual and potential changes in law described elsewhere in these Risk Factors, global developments in privacy and data security regulations are changing some of the ways we and our vendors collect, use, and share personal information. Compliance with these changing regulations have necessitated some specific product changes for our non-U.S. activities. The GDPR extends the scope of E.U. data protection law to certain non-E.U. companies processing data of E.U. persons. The GDPR seeks to harmonize the data protection regulations throughout the entire E.U. The regulation contains numerous requirements and changes from previous E.U. law, including more robust obligations on data processors, greater rights for data subjects (requiring potentially significant changes to both our technology and operations), security and accountability obligations, and significantly heavier documentation and record-keeping requirements for data protection compliance programs. Specifically, the GDPR introduced numerous privacy-related changes for companies operating in the E.U., including greater control over personal data by data subjects (e.g., the “right to be forgotten”), increased data portability, access and redress rights for E.U. consumers, data breach notification requirements, increased rules for online and e-mail marketing, and stronger regulatory enforcement regimes. The GDPR requirements apply to some third-party transactions (such as commercial contracts with partners and vendors) and to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, including user and employee information. GDPR requirements may also apply, depending on interpretation of its reach, to some users in our worldwide community of sellers. We may experience difficulty retaining or obtaining new E.U. sellers or new sellers selling into the E.U. due to the legal requirements, compliance cost, potential risk exposure, and uncertainty for them in respect of their own compliance obligations with respect to GDPR. In addition, although our sellers are independent businesses, it is possible that a privacy authority could deem us jointly and severally liable for actions of our sellers, which would increase our potential liability exposure and costs of compliance, which could negatively impact our business. We could face potential liability, regulatory investigation, and costly litigation, which may not be adequately covered by insurance. In the United States, the CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020. The CCPA introduced new requirements regarding the handling of personal information of California consumers and households. The law gives individuals the right to request access to and deletion of their information, and the right to opt out of sales of their personal information. The CCPA also authorizes private lawsuits to recover statutory damages for certain data breaches. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal information we collect about California residents. GDPR, CCPA, and similar laws coming into effect in other jurisdictions may continue to change the data protection landscape globally and could result in potentially significant operational costs for internal compliance and risk to our business. Some of these requirements may introduce friction into the buying and selling experience on our platform and may impact the scope and effectiveness of our marketing efforts, which could negatively impact our business and future outlook. Beyond GDPR and CCPA, individual jurisdictions continue to pass laws related to data protection, such as data privacy and data breach notification, resulting in a diverse set of requirements across states, countries and regions. Non-compliance with these laws could result in proceedings against us by one or more data protection authorities, other public authorities, third parties, or individuals. Under GDPR alone, noncompliance could result in fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4% of the annual global revenue of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. In addition, the laws relating to the transfer of personal data outside of the E.U. continue to evolve and remain uncertain. Although we are taking steps to comply and mitigate the potential impact to us, the efficacy and longevity of these steps are uncertain. We may find it necessary to establish systems to maintain personal data originating from the E.U. in the European Economic Area, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business. In the meantime, the evolving data protection landscape also creates uncertainty as to how to comply with E.U. privacy law, including potentially inconsistent guidance, rulings or requirements from multiple authorities in the E.U., as well as in the U.S. and worldwide. Further, we may not be entirely successful in our compliance efforts due to various factors either within our control (such as limited internal resource allocation) or outside our control (such as a lack of vendor cooperation, new regulatory interpretations, or lack of regulatory guidance in respect of certain GDPR requirements). We also publish privacy policies and other documentation regarding our collection, processing, use and disclosure of personal data. Although we endeavor to comply with our published policies and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees or third party providers fail to comply with our published policies and documentation. Such failures can subject us to potential international, local, state and federal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentation of our actual practices. 32 Table of Contents Our payments systems depend on third-party providers, require ongoing investment, and are subject to evolving laws, regulations, rules, and standards. Our buyers primarily pay for purchases using our payments services (i.e., Etsy Payments and Reverb Payments) or PayPal. In the United States and other countries where our payments services are available, our sellers accept various forms of payments such as credit cards, debit cards, gift cards, PayPal, Google Wallet and Apple Pay. We rely upon third-party service providers to perform underlying compliance, credit card processing and payment disbursing, currency exchange, identity verification, sanctions screening, and fraud analysis services. If these service providers do not perform adequately or if our relationships with these service providers were to change or terminate, our sellers’ ability to receive orders or payment could be adversely affected and certain financial compliance measures, including fraud prevention and detection tools may not be effective, which could increase costs, lead to potential legal liability, and negatively impact our business. In addition, we and our third-party service providers may experience service outages from time to time that negatively impact payments on our platform. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such service outages and, if we are unable to provide an alternative payment solution, our business could be harmed. In addition, if our third-party providers increase the fees they charge us, our operating expenses could increase. If we respond by increasing the fees we charge to our sellers, some of our sellers may stop listing new items for sale or even close their accounts altogether. Various laws and regulations govern payments, and these laws are complex, evolving, and subject to change and vary across different jurisdictions in the United States and globally. Moreover, even in regions where such laws have been harmonized, regulatory interpretations of such laws may differ. As a result, we are required to spend significant time and effort determining whether various licensing and registration laws relating to payments apply to us and taking steps to comply with applicable laws and licensing regulations. Any failure or claim of our failure to comply, or any failure by our third-party service providers to comply, could cost us substantial resources, could result in liabilities, could cause us significant reputational damage, or could force us to stop offering our payments services in certain markets. Additionally, changes in payment regulation may occur that could render our payments systems less profitable. For example, any significant change in credit or debit card interchange rates in the United States or other markets, including as a result of changes in interchange fee limitations, may negatively impact payments on our platform. We plan to invest ongoing internal resources into our payments tools and infrastructure in order to maintain existing availability, expand into additional markets and offer new payment methods and tools to our buyers and sellers. If we fail to invest adequate resources into payments on our platform, or if our investment efforts are unsuccessful or unreliable, our payments services may not function properly or keep pace with competitive offerings, which could negatively impact their usage and our marketplaces . Further, our ability to expand our payments services into additional countries is dependent upon the third-party providers we use to support these services. As we expand the availability of our payments services to additional markets or offer new payment methods to our sellers and buyers in the future, we may become subject to additional and evolving regulations, compliance requirements, and may be exposed to heightened fraud risk, which could lead to an increase in our operating expenses. Further, through our agreements with our third-party payment processors, we are indirectly subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, which are subject to change. Failure to comply with these rules and certification requirements could impact our ability to meet our contractual obligations with our third-party payment processors and could result in potential fines. We are also subject to rules governing electronic funds transfers. Any change in these rules and requirements, including as a result of a change in our designation by major payment card providers, could make it difficult or impossible for us to comply and could require a change in our business operations. In addition, similar to a potential increase in costs from third-party providers described above, any increased costs associated with compliance with payment card association rules or payment card provider rules could lead to increased fees for us or our sellers, which may negatively impact payments on our platform, usage of our payments services, and our marketplaces. If we experience a communications or technology disruption or failure that results in a loss of information, if personal data or sensitive information about members of our community or employees is misused or disclosed, or if we or our third-party providers are subject to cyber attacks, members of our community may curtail use of our platform, we may be exposed to liability, and our reputation could suffer. Like all online services, we are vulnerable to power outages, telecommunications failures, and catastrophic events, as well as computer viruses, break-ins, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, and other cyber attacks. Any of these incidents could lead to interruptions or shutdowns of our platform, loss of data or unauthorized disclosure of personal or financial information of our members or employees. As we grow our business, expand internationally, and gain greater public visibility, we may face 33 Table of Contents a higher risk of being targeted by cyber attacks. Although we rely on a variety of security measures, including security testing, encryption of sensitive information, and authentication technology, we cannot assure you that such measures will provide absolute security, particularly given the increasingly sophisticated tools and methods used by hackers and cyber terrorists. In addition, we have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, security breaches as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional, inadvertent, or social engineering breaches occurring through our employees or employees of our third-party service providers. In addition, if our employees or employees of our third-party service providers fail to comply with our internal security policies and practices, member or employee data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. Cyber attacks could also result in the theft of our intellectual property. A successful cyberattack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. In addition, because any investigation of a cybersecurity incident would be inherently unpredictable, the extent of a particular cybersecurity incident and the path of investigating the incident may not be immediately clear. It may take a significant amount of time before an investigation can be completed and full and reliable information about the incident is known. While an investigation is ongoing, we may not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, and communication to the public, regulators, members of our community and other stakeholders may be inaccurate, any or all of which could further increase the costs and consequences of a cybersecurity incident. We are also reliant on the security practices of our third party service providers, which may be outside of our direct control. Additionally, some of our third party service providers, such as identity verification and payment processing providers, regularly have access to some confidential and sensitive member data. If these third parties fail to adhere to adequate security practices, or experience a breach of their networks, our members’ data may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed. Cyber attacks aimed at disrupting our and our third-party service providers’ services have occurred regularly in the past, and we expect they will continue to occur in the future. If we or our third-party service providers experience security breaches that result in marketplace performance or availability problems or the loss, compromise, or unauthorized disclosure of personal data or other sensitive information, or if we fail to respond appropriately to any security breaches that we may experience, people may become unwilling to provide us the information necessary to set up an account with us. Existing sellers and buyers may stop listing new items for sale, decrease their purchases or close their accounts altogether. We could also face damage to our reputation, potential liability, regulatory investigations in multiple jurisdictions, costly remediation efforts and litigation, which may not be adequately covered by insurance. Any of these results could harm our growth prospects, our business, and our reputation for maintaining trusted marketplaces. We may expand our business through acquisitions of other businesses or assets, which may divert management’s attention and/or prove to be unsuccessful, including our acquisition of Reverb. We have acquired a number of other businesses in the past, including our 2019 acquisition of Reverb, and may acquire additional businesses or technologies, or enter into strategic partnerships, in the future. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, including the acquisition of Reverb, or any partnerships, and the integration of Reverb and possible future acquisitions or relationships may disrupt our business and divert management’s time and attention. Acquisitions also may require us to spend a substantial portion of our available cash, issue stock, incur debt or other liabilities, amortize expenses related to intangible assets, or incur write-offs of goodwill or other assets. In addition, integrating an acquired business or technology is risky. The Reverb acquisition and any future acquisitions may result in unforeseen operational difficulties and expenditures associated with: • integrating new businesses and technologies into our infrastructure; • implementing growth initiatives; • integrating administrative functions; • retaining and integrating key employees; • supporting and enhancing morale and culture; • maintaining or developing controls, procedures and policies (including effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures); and • assuming liabilities related to the activities of the acquired business before and after the acquisition, including liabilities for violations of laws and regulations, commercial disputes, cyber attacks, taxes, and other matters. 34 Table of Contents We also may issue additional equity securities in connection with an acquisition, which could cause dilution to our stockholders. Finally, acquisitions could be viewed negatively by analysts, investors or the members of our community. Adherence to our guiding principles and our focus on our mission and long-term sustainability may negatively influence our financial performance. Further, our reputation could be harmed if we fail to meet our impact strategy goals. We intend to operate in line with our guiding principles, focus on the long-term sustainability of our business, and work toward our mission to “Keep Commerce Human.” We may take actions in line with our mission and guiding principles that we believe will benefit our business and, therefore, our stockholders over a longer period of time, even if those actions do not maximize short- or medium-term financial performance. However, these longer-term benefits may not materialize within the time frame we expect or at all. For example: • we may choose to prohibit the sale of items in our marketplaces that are inconsistent with our policies even though we could benefit financially from the sale of those items; or • we may choose to revise our policies in ways that we believe will be beneficial to our community in the long term even though the changes may be perceived unfavorably, such as updates to the way we define “handmade.” Additionally, we have developed an impact strategy that focuses on leveraging Etsy’s core business to generate value for our community and stakeholders through positive economic, social and ecological efforts. Our impact strategy aims to create more economic opportunity for sellers, greater diversity in our workforce and build long-term resilience by reducing our carbon footprint. If we don’t demonstrate progress against our impact strategy or if our impact strategy is not perceived to be adequate, our reputation could be harmed. We could also damage our reputation and the value of our brand if we fail to demonstrate that our commitment to our impact strategy enhances our overall financial performance. Failure to deal effectively with fraud or other illegal activity could harm our business. We have measures in place to detect and limit the occurrence of fraudulent and other illegal activity in our marketplaces, however, those measures may not always be effective. Further, the measures that we use to detect and limit the occurrence of fraudulent and other illegal activity must be dynamic, as new technologies and ways to commit fraud and other illegal activity are continually evolving, and regulations requiring marketplaces to detect and limit these activities are increasing. If we fail to limit the impact of fraudulent and other illegal activity in our marketplaces, our business, reputation, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. For example, our sellers occasionally receive orders placed with fraudulent or stolen credit card data. Under current credit card chargeback rules, we could be held liable for orders placed through our payments services with fraudulent credit card data even if the associated financial institution approved the credit card transaction. Although we attempt to detect or challenge fraudulent transactions, we may not be able to do so effectively. As a result, our business could be adversely affected. We could also incur significant fines or lose our ability to give the option of paying with credit cards if we fail to follow payment card industry data security standards or payment card association rules or fail to limit fraudulent transactions conducted in our marketplaces. We have adopted policies and procedures that are intended to ensure compliance with anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export controls, and trade sanctions requirements. In addition, as stated elsewhere in these Risk Factors, we rely upon third-party service providers to perform certain underlying compliance, credit card processing identity verification, and fraud analysis services. If we or our service providers do not perform adequately, certain of our fraud prevention and detection tools may not be effective, which could increase our expenses, lead to potential legal liability, and negatively impact our business. Negative publicity and sentiment resulting from fraudulent, illegal, or deceptive conduct by members of our community or the perception that our levels of responsiveness and support for our sellers and buyers are inadequate could reduce our ability to attract and retain our sellers and buyers and damage our reputation. We are subject to risks related to our corporate social responsibility metrics. We voluntarily report certain corporate social responsibility metrics. This transparency is consistent with our commitment to executing on a strategy that reflects the positive economic, social, and ecological impact we want to have on the world while advancing and complementing our business strategy. These metrics, whether it be the standards we set for ourselves and/or our failure to meet such metrics, may influence our reputation and the value of our brand. For example, the perception held by our buyers or sellers, our partners or vendors, other key stakeholders, or the communities in which we do business may depend, in part, on the metrics we have chosen to aspire to and whether or not we meet these metrics on a timely basis, if at all. While 35 Table of Contents selected metrics receive limited assurance from an independent third party, this is inherently a less rigorous process than reasonable assurance sought in a typical auditing engagement. Our failure to achieve progress on our metrics on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our business, financial performance, or growth. By electing to set and share publicly these corporate social responsibility metrics, our business may also face increased scrutiny related to environmental, social, and governance activities. As a result, we could damage our reputation and the value of our brand if we fail to act responsibly in the areas in which we report, such as economic security and personal empowerment, diversity and inclusion, energy and water management, carbon footprint, and data privacy or if we are perceived not to have rigorously measured our achievement against such metrics. Any harm to our reputation resulting from setting these metrics or our failure or perceived failure to meet such metrics could impact: employee engagement and retention; the willingness of our buyers and sellers and our partners and vendors to do business with us; or investors’ willingness to purchase or hold shares of our common stock, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial performance, and growth. We face intense competition and may not be able to compete effectively. Operating e-commerce marketplaces is highly competitive and we expect competition to increase in the future. To be successful, we need to attract and retain sellers and buyers. As a result, we face competition from a wide range of online and offline competitors. We compete for sellers with both retailers and companies that sell software and services to small businesses. For example, in addition to listing her goods for sale on Etsy, an Etsy seller can list her goods with other online retailers, such as Amazon, eBay, or Alibaba, or sell her goods through local consignment and vintage stores and other venues or marketplaces, including through commerce channels on social networks like Facebook and Instagram. She may also sell wholesale directly to traditional retailers, including large national retailers, who discover her goods in our marketplaces or otherwise. We also compete with companies that sell software and services to small businesses, enabling a seller to sell from her own website or otherwise run her business independently of our platform, such as Bigcommerce, and Shopify. We compete to attract, engage, and retain sellers based on many factors, including: • our brand awareness; • the global scale of our marketplaces and the breadth of our online presence; • the extent to which our tools and services can ease the administrative tasks that a seller might encounter in running her business; • the number and engagement of buyers; • seller education resources and tools; • our policies and fees; • the ability to scale her business; • our mobile apps; • the strength of our community; and • our mission. In addition, we compete with retailers for the attention of buyers. A buyer has the choice of shopping with any online or offline retailer, including large e-commerce marketplaces, such as Amazon, eBay or Alibaba, national retail chains, such as West Elm or Target, local consignment and vintage stores, social commerce channels like Instagram, event-driven platforms and vertical experiences like Zola and Wayfair, and other venues or marketplaces. Many of these competitors offer low-cost or free shipping, fast shipping times, favorable return policies, and other features that may be difficult or impossible for our sellers to match. We compete to attract, engage, and retain buyers based on many factors, including: • the breadth and quality of items that sellers list in our marketplaces; • the ease of finding the item a buyer is looking for; 36 Table of Contents • our brand awareness; • the person-to-person commerce experience; • customer service; • our reputation for trustworthiness; • our mobile apps; • the availability of fair and free shipping offered by Etsy sellers to Etsy buyers; • ease of payment; and • the availability and reliability of our platform. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater resources, better name recognition, or more customers than we do. They may invest more to develop and promote their services than we do, and they may offer lower fees to sellers than we do. Additionally, we believe that it is relatively easy for new businesses to create online commerce offerings or tools or services that enable entrepreneurship. Local companies or more established companies based in markets where we operate outside of the United States may also have a better understanding of local customs, providing them a competitive advantage. For example, in certain markets outside the United States, we compete with smaller, but similar, local online marketplaces with a focus on unique goods that are attempting to attract sellers and buyers in those markets. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to expend significant resources in response to our competitors’ actions, our business could be adversely affected. We rely on our sellers to provide a fulfilling experience to our buyers. A small portion of buyers complain to us about their experience with our platform. For example, buyers may report that they have not received the items that they purchased, that the items received were not as represented by a seller or that a seller has not been responsive to their questions. Negative publicity and sentiment generated as a result of these types of complaints could reduce our ability to attract and retain our sellers and buyers or damage our reputation. A perception that our levels of responsiveness and support for our sellers and buyers are inadequate could have similar results. In some situations, we may choose to reimburse our buyers for their purchases to help avoid harm to our reputation, but we may not be able to recover the funds we expend for those reimbursements. Although we are focused on enhancing customer service, our efforts may be unsuccessful and our sellers and buyers may be disappointed in their experience and not return. Anything that prevents the timely processing of orders or delivery of goods to our buyers could harm our sellers. Service interruptions and delivery delays may be caused by events that are beyond the control of our sellers, such as interruptions in order or payment processing, transportation disruptions, natural disasters, inclement weather, terrorism, public health crises, or political unrest. Disruptions in the operations of a substantial number of our sellers could also result in negative experiences for a substantial number of our buyers, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. Our reputation may be harmed if members of our community use illegal or unethical business practices. Our emphasis on our mission and guiding principles makes our reputation particularly sensitive to allegations of illegal or unethical business practices by our sellers or other members of our community. Our policies promote legal and ethical business practices, such as encouraging Etsy sellers to work only with manufacturers who do not use child or involuntary labor, who do not discriminate, and who promote sustainability and humane working conditions. However, we do not control our sellers or other members of our community or their business practices and cannot ensure that they comply with our policies. If members of our community engage in illegal or unethical business practices or are perceived to do so, we may receive negative publicity and our reputation may be harmed. 37 Table of Contents Our business depends on network and mobile infrastructure provided by third parties and on our ability to maintain and scale the technology underlying our platform. The reliability of our platform is important to our ability to generate and grow revenue, reputation and our ability to attract and retain our sellers and buyers. As the number of sellers and buyers, volume of traffic, number of transactions, and the amount of information shared on our platform grow, our need for additional network capacity and computing power will also grow. The operation of the technology underlying our platform is expensive and complex, and we could experience operational failures. If we fail to accurately predict the rate or timing of the growth of our platform, we may be required to incur significant additional costs to maintain reliability. The investments we make in our platform are designed to grow our business and to improve our operating results in the long term, but these investments could also delay our ability to achieve profitability or reduce profitability in the near term. Upgrading our platform, software and networks may also subject us to disruptions, failures or delays. We also depend on the development and maintenance of the internet, cloud and mobile infrastructure, and increasingly rely on the availability, features, cost, and reliability of third-party service providers and platforms. For example, this includes maintenance of reliable internet and mobile networks with the necessary speed, data capacity, and security, as well as timely development of complementary products. Third-party providers host much of our technology infrastructure and are likely to host more in the future. Any disruption in their services, or any failure of our providers to handle the demands of our marketplaces could significantly harm our business. For example, any significant disruption of, or interference with, our use of cloud infrastructure would negatively impact our operations and our business would be seriously harmed. We exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to their financial conditions and to problems with the services they provide, such as security concerns. Our efforts to update our infrastructure may not be successful or may take longer than anticipated. If we experience failures in our technology infrastructure or do not expand our technology infrastructure successfully, then our ability to attract and retain our sellers and buyers could be adversely affected, which could harm our growth prospects and our business. We rely on Google Cloud for a substantial portion of the computing, storage, data processing, networking, and other services for Etsy.com. Google Cloud Platform provides a distributed computing infrastructure as a service platform for business operations, and we have migrated Etsy’s data centers to Google Cloud, increasing our reliance on cloud infrastructure. Any transition of the cloud services currently provided by Google Cloud to another cloud provider would be difficult to implement and will cause us to incur significant time and expense. Any significant disruption of, or interference with, our use of Google Cloud would negatively impact our operations and our business would be seriously harmed. In addition, if hosting costs increase over time and if we require more computing or storage capacity, our costs could increase disproportionately. If we are unable to grow our revenues faster than the cost of utilizing the services of Google or similar providers, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may be subject to claims that items listed in our marketplace are counterfeit, infringing, or illegal. We frequently receive communications alleging that items listed in our marketplaces infringe third-party copyrights, trademarks, patents, or other intellectual property rights. We have intellectual property complaint and take-down procedures in place to address these communications, and we believe such procedures are important to promote confidence in our marketplaces, along with anti-counterfeiting measures our platform employs and continues to develop. We follow these procedures to review complaints and relevant facts to determine the appropriate action, which may include removal of the item from our marketplaces and, in certain cases, closing the shops of sellers who violate our policies. Our procedures may not effectively reduce or eliminate our liability. For example, on the Etsy marketplace we use a combination of automatic and manual tools and depend upon human review in many circumstances. Our tools and procedures may be subject to error or enforcement failures and may not be adequately staffed, and we may be subject to erroneous or fraudulent demands to remove content. In addition, we may be subject to civil or criminal liability for activities carried out by sellers on our platform, especially outside the United States where laws may offer less protection for intermediaries and platforms than the United States. Under current U.S. copyright law and the Communications Decency Act, we may benefit from statutory safe harbor provisions that protect us from copyright liability for content posted on our platform by sellers and buyers. However, trademark and patent laws do not include similar statutory provisions, and liability for these forms of intellectual property is often determined by court decisions. These safe harbors and court rulings may change unfavorably. In that event, we may be held secondarily liable for the intellectual property infringement of our sellers. 38 Table of Contents Regardless of the validity of any claims made against us, we may incur significant costs and efforts to defend against or settle them. If a governmental authority determines that we have aided and abetted the infringement or sale of counterfeit goods or if legal changes result in us potentially being liable for actions by sellers on our platform, we could face regulatory, civil, or criminal penalties. Successful claims by third-party rights owners could require us to pay substantial damages or refrain from permitting any further listing of the relevant items. These types of claims could force us to modify our business practices, which could lower our revenue, increase our costs or make our platforms less user-friendly. These claims, or legal and regulatory changes, could require the removal of non-infringing or completely unrelated content, which could negatively impact our business and our ability to retain sellers. Moreover, public perception that counterfeit or other unauthorized items are common in our marketplaces, even if factually incorrect, could result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation. Our business and our sellers and buyers may be subject to sales and other taxes. The application of indirect taxes, such as sales and use tax, value-added tax, provincial tax, goods and services tax, business tax, withholding tax, digital service tax, and gross receipt tax, to businesses like ours and to our sellers and buyers is a complex and evolving issue. Significant judgment is required to evaluate applicable tax obligations and as a result amounts recorded are estimates and are subject to adjustments. In many cases, the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it is not clear when and how new and existing statutes might apply to our business or to our sellers’ businesses. If we are found to be deficient in how we have addressed our tax obligations, our business could be adversely impacted. Various jurisdictions (including the U.S. states and European Union member states) are seeking to, or have recently imposed additional reporting, record-keeping, or indirect tax collection and remittance obligations on businesses like ours that facilitate online commerce. If requirements like these become applicable in additional jurisdictions, our business, collectively with Etsy sellers’ businesses, could be harmed. For example, taxing authorities in many U.S. states and in other countries have identified e-commerce platforms as a means to calculate, collect, and remit indirect taxes for transactions taking place over the internet, and have enacted laws and others are considering related legislation. Additionally, the Supreme Court’s recent decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. et al overturned existing law that sellers are not required to collect sales and use tax unless they have a physical presence in the buyer’s state. As a result of the Wayfair decision, U.S. states have begun to adopt and enforce laws requiring us or our sellers to calculate, collect, and remit taxes on their sales. Such changes to current law or new legislation could adversely affect our business if the requirement of tax to be charged on items sold on our marketplaces causes our marketplaces to be less attractive to current and prospective buyers, which could materially impact our business, financial performance, and growth. Additionally, this legislation could require us or our sellers to incur substantial costs in order to comply, including costs associated with tax calculation, collection, remittance, and audit requirements, which could make selling in our marketplaces less attractive. If we are found to be deficient in the calculation, collection and remittance of taxes in the jurisdictions in which we do business our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Our business is subject to a large number of U.S. and non-U.S. laws, many of which are evolving. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and around the world, including those relating to traditional businesses, such as employment laws and taxation, and laws and regulations focused on e-commerce and online marketplaces, such as online payments, privacy, anti-spam, data security and protection, online platform liability, intellectual property, and consumer protection. In light of our international operations, we need to comply with various laws associated with doing business outside of the United States, including anti-money laundering, sanctions, anti-corruption, and export control laws. In some cases, non-U.S. privacy, data security, consumer protection, e-commerce, and other laws and regulations are more detailed than those in the United States and, in some countries, are actively enforced. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving, and compliance is costly and can require changes to our business practices and significant management time and effort. Additionally, it is not always clear how existing laws apply to online marketplaces as many of these laws do not address the unique issues raised by online marketplaces or e-commerce. For example, as described elsewhere in these Risk Factors, laws relating to privacy are evolving differently in different jurisdictions. Federal, state, and non-U.S. governmental authorities, as well as courts interpreting the laws, continue to evaluate and assess the privacy requirements that are applicable to Etsy. New platform liability laws, potential amendments to existing laws, and ongoing regulatory and judicial interpretation of these laws imparting liability for conduct by users of a platform may create costs and uncertainty for both Etsy and sellers on our platform. For example, the European Union recently passed a directive expanding online platform liability for copyright infringement, which member states are expected to implement by 2021. In addition, there have been various Congressional efforts to restrict the scope of the protections available to online platforms under Section 230 of the Communications Decency 39 Table of Contents Act, and our current protections from liability for third-party content in the United States could decrease or change. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if we are found liable, significant damages. Some providers of consumer devices and web browsers have implemented, or have announced plans to implement, ways to block tracking technologies which, if widely adopted, could also result in online tracking methods becoming significantly less effective. Any reduction in our ability to make effective use of such technologies could harm our ability to personalize the experience of buyers, increase our costs and limit our ability to attract and retain our sellers and buyers on cost-effective terms. As a result, our business could be adversely affected. Existing and future laws and regulations enacted by federal, state, or non-U.S. governments or the inconsistent enforcement of such laws and regulations could impede the growth of e-commerce or online marketplaces, which could have a negative impact on our business and operations. Examples include data localization requirements, limitation on marketplace scope or ownership, intellectual property intermediary liability rules, regulation of online speech, limits on network neutrality, and rules related to security, privacy, or national security, which may impede us or our users. We could also face regulatory challenges or be subject to discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede both our and our sellers’ growth prospects, increase our costs, and harm our business. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, but they may conflict with each other, and by complying with the laws or regulations of one jurisdiction, we may find that we are violating the laws or regulations of another jurisdiction. Despite our efforts, we may not have fully complied in the past and may not in the future. If we become liable under laws or regulations applicable to us, we could be required to pay significant fines and penalties, our reputation may be harmed and we may be forced to change the way we operate. That could require us to incur significant expenses or to discontinue certain services, which could negatively affect our business. Additionally, if third parties with whom we work violate applicable laws or our policies, those violations could result in other liabilities for us and could harm our business. Furthermore, the circumstances in which we may be held liable for the acts, omissions or responsibilities of our sellers is uncertain, complex, and evolving. For example, certain laws have recently been enacted seeking to hold marketplaces like ours responsible for certain compliance obligations for which sellers have traditionally been responsible. If an increasing number of such laws are passed, the resulting compliance costs and potential liability risk could negatively impact our business. Our software is highly complex and may contain undetected errors. The software underlying our platform is highly interconnected and complex and may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may only be discovered after the code has been released. We rely heavily on a software engineering practice known as “continuous deployment,” meaning that we typically release software code many times per day. This practice may result in the more frequent introduction of errors or vulnerabilities into the software underlying our platform, which can impact the user experience on our marketplaces. Additionally, due to the interconnected nature of the software underlying our platform, updates to certain parts of our code, including changes to our or third party APIs on which we rely, could have an unintended impact on other sections of our code, which may result in errors or vulnerabilities to our platform that negatively impact the user experience and functionality of our marketplaces. Any errors or vulnerabilities discovered in our code after release could result in damage to our reputation, loss of our community members, loss of revenue or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our growth prospects and our business. Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet and mobile networks. Our sellers and buyers rely on access to the internet or mobile networks to access our marketplaces. Internet service providers may choose to disrupt or degrade access to our platform or increase the cost of such access. Mobile network operators or operating system providers could block or place onerous restrictions on the ability to download and use our mobile apps. Internet service providers or mobile network operators could also attempt to charge us for providing access to our platform. In addition, we could face discriminatory or anticompetitive practices that could impede both our and our sellers’ growth prospects, increase our costs, and harm our business. In 2015, rules approved by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) went into effect that prohibited internet service providers from charging content providers higher rates in order to deliver their content over certain “fast traffic” lanes; however, those rules were repealed in June 2018, and efforts to challenge the repeal in the courts have failed to reverse the FCC’s 2018 decision, and in October 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit provided a mixed ruling that did not reverse the FCC’s 2015 decision in its entirety. Although this recent court ruling allows states to enact their own net neutrality rules, the repeal of federal protections may make it more difficult or costly for many small businesses such as our community of sellers, as well as our buyers, to access our platform and may result in 40 Table of Contents increased costs for us, which could significantly harm our business, and the millions of microbusinesses that utilize our platform. Outside of the United States, it is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on our platform or may even attempt to block access to our platform. If we are restricted from operating in one or more countries, our ability to attract and retain sellers and buyers may be adversely affected and we may not be able to grow our business as we anticipate. Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist stockholders. The actions of activist stockholders could adversely affect our business. Specifically, responding to common actions of an activist stockholder, such as requests for special meetings, potential nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors, requests to pursue a strategic combination, or other transaction or other special requests, could disrupt our operations, be costly and time-consuming, or divert the attention of our management and employees. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction in relation to the actions of an activist stockholder may result in the loss of potential business opportunities or the perception that we are unstable as a company, which may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified employees. Our ability to continue to commit to our mission, guiding principles and culture may also be questioned, which could impact our ability to attract and retain buyers and sellers. Actions of an activist stockholder may also cause fluctuations in our stock price based on speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. We may be subject to intellectual property claims, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. Companies in the internet and technology industries are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We periodically receive communications that claim we have infringed, misappropriated, or misused others’ intellectual property rights. To the extent we gain greater public recognition, we may face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property claims. Third parties may have intellectual property rights that cover significant aspects of our technologies or business methods and prevent us from expanding our offerings. Third parties may also allege a company is secondarily liable for intellectual property infringement, or that it is a joint infringer with another party, including claims that Etsy is liable, either directly, indirectly or vicariously, for infringement claims against sellers or third parties, and that statutory, judicial or other immunities and defenses do not protect us. Any intellectual property claim against us, with or without merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or litigate and could divert the attention of our management. Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is inherently uncertain due to the complex issues involved, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves in such matters. In addition, some of our competitors have extensive portfolios of issued patents. Many potential litigants, including some of our competitors, patent holding companies and other intellectual property rights holders, have the ability to dedicate substantial resources to enforcing their perceived intellectual property rights. Any claims successfully brought against us could subject us to significant liability for damages and we may be required to stop using technology or other intellectual property alleged to be in violation of a third party’s rights in one or more jurisdictions where we do business. We also might be required to seek a license for third-party intellectual property. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties or submit to unreasonable terms, which would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit our service and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our business. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property adequately. Our intellectual property is an essential asset of our business. To establish and protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, trademark, and patent laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions. The efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective. We generally do not elect to register our copyrights, relying instead on the laws protecting unregistered intellectual property, which may not be sufficient. We rely on both registered and unregistered trademarks, which may not always be comprehensive in scope. In addition, our copyrights and trademarks, whether or not registered, and patents may be held invalid or unenforceable if challenged, and may be of limited territorial reach. While we have obtained or applied for patent protection with respect to some of our intellectual property, patent filings may not be adequate alone to protect our intellectual property, and we rely on trade secret protection for parts of our technology and intellectual property. To the extent we do seek patent protection, any U.S. or other patents issued to us may not be sufficiently broad to protect our proprietary technologies. 41 Table of Contents In addition, we may not be effective in policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property and authorized uses may not have the intended effect. Even if we do detect violations, we may need to engage in litigation or licensing to enforce our intellectual property rights. Any enforcement efforts we undertake, including litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert our management’s attention. In addition, our efforts may be met with defenses and counterclaims challenging the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights or may result in a court determining that our intellectual property rights are unenforceable. The legal framework surrounding protection of intellectual property changes frequently throughout the world, particularly as to technologies used in e-commerce, and these changes may impact our ability to protect our intellectual property and defend against third party claims. If we are unable to cost-effectively protect our intellectual property rights, then our business could be harmed. We are subject to the terms of open source licenses because our platform incorporates open source software. The software powering our platform incorporates software covered by open source licenses. In addition, we regularly contribute source code to open source software projects and release internal software projects under open source licenses, and we anticipate doing so in the future. The terms of many open source licenses relied upon by us and the internet and technology industries have been interpreted by only a few court decisions and there is a risk that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to operate our marketplaces. Under certain open source licenses, if certain conditions were met, we could be required to publicly release aspects of the source code of our software or to make our software available under open source licenses. To avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. In addition, use of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software because open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to compromise our platform, and availability of patches or fixes may not be consistent or quickly available, as it may be subject to the continued community engagement in a particular open source project. Additionally, because any software source code we contribute to open source projects is publicly available, while we may benefit from the contributions of others, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights in such software source code may be limited or lost entirely, and we will be unable to prevent our competitors or others from using such contributed software source code. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage and, if not addressed, could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth. We may experience fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate. We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the United States and in numerous other foreign jurisdictions. We record tax expense, including indirect taxes, based on current tax payments and our estimates of future tax payments, which may include reserves for estimates of probable or likely settlements of tax audits. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities, including tax collection obligations, due to changes in tax law such as legislation commonly referred to as the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, including regulations, administrative practices, outcomes of court cases and changes to the global tax framework. Further, our effective tax rate and cash taxes paid in a given financial statement period may be adversely impacted by results of our business operations including changes in the mix of revenue among different jurisdictions, acquisitions, investments, entry into new geographies, the relative amount of foreign earnings, changes in foreign currency exchanges rates, changes in our stock price, intercompany transactions, changes to accounting rules, expectation of future profits, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and our assessment of their realizability, and changes to our ownership or capital structure. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate could adversely affect our business. In the ordinary course of our business, there are numerous transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although, we believe that our tax positions and related provisions reflected in the financial statements are fully supportable, we recognize that these tax positions and related provisions may be challenged by various tax authorities. These tax positions and related provisions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted as additional facts and information become available, including progress on tax audits, changes in interpretation of tax laws, developments in case law and closing of statute of limitations. To the extent that the ultimate results differ our original or adjusted estimates, our effective tax rate can be adversely affected. The provision for income taxes involves a significant amount of management judgment regarding interpretation of relevant facts and laws in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Future changes in applicable laws, projected levels of taxable income and tax planning could change the effective tax rate and tax balances recorded by the Company. In addition, tax authorities periodically review income tax returns filed by the Company and can raise issues regarding its filing positions, 42 Table of Contents timing and amount of income and deductions, and the allocation of income among the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. A significant period of time may elapse between the filing of an income tax return and the ultimate resolution of an issue raised by a revenue authority with respect to that return. Any adjustments as a result of any examination, may result in additional taxes or penalties against the Company. If the ultimate result of these audits differs from original or adjusted estimates, they could have a material impact our effective tax rate and tax liabilities. At any one time, multiple tax years could be subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. As a result, we could be subject to higher than anticipated tax liabilities as well as ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as audits close and exposures are re-evaluated. We may be involved in litigation and regulatory matters that are expensive and time consuming. In addition to intellectual property claims, we may become involved in other litigation matters, including class action or shareholder derivative lawsuits. We may become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny, inquiries or investigations, including with respect to our community, relating to broad, industry-wide concerns, such as antitrust and privacy, that could lead to increased expenses or reputational damage. Under certain circumstances, we have contractual and other legal obligations to indemnify and to incur legal expenses on behalf of current and former directors, officers, and underwriters. Any lawsuit to which we are a party, with or without merit, may result in an unfavorable judgment. We also may decide to settle lawsuits on unfavorable terms. Any such negative outcome could result in payments of substantial damages or fines, damage to our reputation, or adverse changes to our offerings or business practices. Any of these results could adversely affect our business. In addition, defending claims is costly and can impose a significant burden on our management. Actions brought against us may result in lawsuits, enforcement actions, injunctions, settlements, damages, fines or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations or require changes to our business. Although we establish accruals for our litigation and regulatory matters in accordance with applicable accounting guidance when those matters proceed to a stage where they present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable, there may be a material exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued, or in excess of any loss contingencies disclosed as reasonably possible. Such loss contingencies may not be probable and reasonably estimable until the proceedings have progressed significantly, which could take several years and occur close to resolution of the matter. If our insurance coverage is insufficient or our insurers are unable to meet their obligations, our insurance may not mitigate the risks facing our business. Our insurance policies cover a number of risks and potential liabilities, such as general liability, property coverage, errors, and omissions liability, employment liability, business interruptions, data breaches, crime, product liability, and directors’ and officers’ liability. For certain types of business risk, we may not be able to, or may choose not to, acquire insurance. In addition, our insurance may not adequately mitigate the risks we face or we may have to pay high premiums and/or deductibles for the coverage we do obtain. Additionally, if any of our insurers becomes insolvent, it would be unable to pay any claims that we make. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy of our financial reports. As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. It also requires our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to our evaluation of our internal controls over financial reporting. Although our management has determined, and our independent registered public accounting firm has attested, that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2019 , we cannot assure you that we or our independent registered public accounting firm will not identify a material weakness in our internal controls in the future. We are currently integrating Reverb into our operations and financial internal control processes and, pursuant to the SEC’s guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of an assessment in the year of acquisition, the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting at December 31, 2019 will not include Reverb. We cannot assure you that Reverb will be effectively integrated into our operational or financial internal control processes or that that we or our independent registered public accounting firm will not identify a material weakness relating to Reverb in our internal control processes in the future. 43 Table of Contents If we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not detect errors on a timely basis. If we have difficulty implementing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting at businesses that we acquire, or if we identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, it could harm our operating results, adversely affect our reputation, cause our stock price to decline, or result in inaccurate financial reporting or material misstatements in our annual or interim financial statements. We could be required to implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures. Further, if there are material weaknesses or failures in our ability to meet any of the requirements related to the maintenance and reporting of our internal controls, such as Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and that could cause the price of our common stock to decline. We could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional management attention and which could adversely affect our business. In addition, our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and fraud, and individuals, including employees and contractors, could circumvent such controls. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. We have a significant amount of debt and may incur additional debt in the future. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt when due. Our ability to pay our debt when due or to refinance our indebtedness, including the 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 we issued in March 2018 and the 0.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 we issued in September 2019 (together, the “Notes”), depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. In addition, any required repurchase of the Notes for cash as a result of a fundamental change would lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have those funds available for us in our business. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. In addition, we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments, some of which may be secured debt. If, for example, we incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt or recapitalize our debt, these actions may diminish our ability to make payments on our substantial debt when due. The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. Under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 —Debt with Conversion and Other Options , (“ASC 470-20”), an entity must separately account for the liability and equity components of the convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects the issuer’s economic interest cost. The equity components of the Notes are required to be included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders’ equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the value of the equity component would be treated as original issue discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the Notes. As a result, we will be required to record non-cash interest expense in current periods presented as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the Notes to their face amount over the term of the Notes. We will report lower net income in our financial results because ASC 470-20 requires interest to include both the current period’s amortization of the debt discount and the instrument’s coupon interest, which could adversely affect our reported or future financial results, the trading price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes. In addition, under certain circumstances, convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partly in cash are currently accounted for utilizing the treasury stock method, the effect of which is that the shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of the Notes exceeds their principal amount. Under the treasury stock method, for diluted earnings per share purposes, the transaction is accounted for as if the number of shares of common stock that would be necessary to settle such excess, if we elected to settle such excess in shares, are issued. We cannot be sure that the accounting standards in the future will continue to permit the use of the treasury stock method. If we are unable to use the treasury stock method in accounting for the shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes, then our diluted earnings per share would be adversely affected. 44 Table of Contents The terms of our debt instruments may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies. We do not currently have any obligations outstanding under our credit facility. However, our credit facility requires us to comply with various covenants that limit our ability to take actions such as: • disposing of assets; • completing mergers or acquisitions; • incurring additional indebtedness; • encumbering our properties or assets; • paying dividends or making other distributions; • making specified investments; and • engaging in transactions with our affiliates. These restrictions could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. If we default under our credit facility and if the default is not cured or waived, the lenders could terminate their commitments to lend to us and cause any amounts outstanding to be payable immediately. Such a default could also result in cross defaults under other debt instruments. Moreover, any such default would limit our ability to obtain additional financing, which may have an adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity. We may need additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with cash generated from operations will be enough to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. However, we may require additional cash resources due to changes in business conditions or other developments, such as acquisitions or investments we may decide to pursue. We may seek to borrow funds under our credit facility or sell additional equity or debt securities. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities could result in dilution to our existing stockholders. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could result in additional operating and financial covenants that would limit or restrict our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. It is also possible that financing may not be available to us in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Weakness and volatility in capital markets and the economy in general could limit our access to capital markets and increase our costs of borrowing. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The price of our common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile and declines in the price of common stock could subject us to litigation. The price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile. For example, since January 1, 2019, our common stock’s daily closing price on Nasdaq has ranged from a low of $40.51 to a high of $72.77 through February 21, 2020 . The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly for numerous reasons, many of which are beyond our control, such as: • variations in our operating results and other financial and operational metrics, including the key financial and operating metrics disclosed in this Annual Report, as well as how those results and metrics compare to analyst and investor expectations; • forward-looking statements related to our financial guidance or projections, our failure to meet or exceed our financial guidance or projections or changes in our financial guidance or projections; • failure of analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in their estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by analysts that follow our common stock or a negative view of our financial guidance or projections and our failure to meet or exceed the estimates of such analysts; • announcements of new services or enhancements, strategic alliances or significant agreements or other developments by us or our competitors; 45 Table of Contents • announcements by us or our competitors of mergers or acquisitions or rumors of such transactions involving us or our competitors; • the amount and timing of our operating expenses and the success of any cost-savings actions we take; • changes in our Board of Directors or senior management team; • disruptions in our marketplaces due to hardware, software or network problems, security breaches, or other issues; • the strength of the global economy or the economy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, currency fluctuations, and market conditions in our industry and those affecting members of our community; • the trading activity of our largest stockholders; • the number of shares of our common stock that are available for public trading; • litigation or other claims against us; • stockholder activism; • the performance of the equity markets in general and in our industry; • the operating performance of other similar companies; • changes in legal requirements relating to our business; and • any other factors discussed in this Annual Report. In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial performance, or growth. Stock prices of many internet and technology companies have historically been highly volatile. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. We have experienced securities class action lawsuits in the past and may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility or declines in our stock price. Any securities litigation, could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. Our stock repurchases are discretionary and even if effected, they may not achieve the desired objectives. In November 2018, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $200 million of our common stock. There can be no assurance that these stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased such shares. In addition, there is no guarantee that our stock repurchases in the past or in the future will be able to successfully mitigate the dilutive effect of recent and future employee stock option exercises and restricted stock vesting. The amounts and timing of the repurchases may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock. If our financial condition deteriorates or we decide to use our cash for other purposes, we may suspend repurchase activity. We do not intend to pay dividends on our capital stock, so any returns will be limited to increases in the value of our common stock. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock is restricted by the terms of our credit facility. As a result, stockholders will not receive dividends or other distributions and may only receive a return on their investment if the trading price of our common stock increases. 46 Table of Contents Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution to our stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. We may issue additional common stock, convertible securities, or other equity in the future, including as a result of conversion of the outstanding Notes. We also issue common stock to our employees, directors, and other service providers pursuant to our equity incentive plans. Such issuances could be dilutive to investors and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. New investors in such issuances could also receive rights senior to those of current stockholders. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, could limit attempts to make changes in our management and could depress the price of our common stock. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or limiting changes in our management. Among other things, these provisions: • provide for a classified board of directors so that not all members of our Board of Directors are elected at one time; • permit our Board of Directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships; • provide that directors may only be removed for cause; • require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; • authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our Board of Directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; • eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; • prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which means all stockholder actions must be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; • provide that our Board of Directors is expressly authorized to amend or repeal any provision of our bylaws; and • require advance notice for nominations for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. These provisions may delay or prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace members of our management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may delay or prevent a change in control of our company by imposing certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15% or more of our common stock. Anti-takeover provisions could depress the price of our common stock by acting to delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 47 Table of Contents