ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 15 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 31 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 32 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 32 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 32 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 33 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 34 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 36 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 44 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 45 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 67 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 67 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 70 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 70 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 70 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 70 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 70 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 70 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 71 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 74 SIGNATURES 75 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Recent Developments The outbreak of the Coronavirus (or COVID-19) continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and is expected to adversely affect our business operations. It is impossible to predict the effect and ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as the situation is rapidly evolving. On March 13, 2020, the President of the United States declared a national emergency as a result of the outbreak in the U.S. The pandemic has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus, especially when congregating in heavily populated areas, such as malls and shopping centers. In recent days there have been mandates from federal, state and local authorities requiring reduction of operating hours and forced temporary closures of non-essential retailers and other businesses, which have affected our stores, further negatively impacting our business. As a result of these developments, and out of concern for our customers, crew members and community, effective at the end of business on March 19, 2020, we will be temporarily closing all of our retail stores until at least March 31, 2020. All statements in this Annual Report concerning our current and planned operations, including plans concerning opening new stores and associated capital expenditures, are modified by reference to these recent developments, and our ability to carry out those plans are dependent on further developments associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. For more information, see "Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry - The Coronavirus (or COVID-19) outbreak has led to the temporary closure of our stores and is expected to have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and liquidity " later in this Annual Report. General Five Below, Inc. was incorporated in Pennsylvania in January 2002. Our principal executive office is located at 701 Market Street, Suite 300, Philadelphia, PA 19106 and our telephone number is (215) 546-7909. Our corporate website address is www.fivebelow.com . The information contained on, or accessible through, our corporate website does not constitute part of this Annual Report. As used herein, “Five Below,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our” or “our business” refers to Five Below, Inc. (collectively with its wholly owned subsidiary), except as expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires. We purchase products in reaction to existing marketplace trends and, hence, refer to our products as “trend-right.” We use the term “dynamic” merchandise to refer to the broad range and frequently changing nature of the products we display in our stores. We use the term “power” shopping center to refer to an unenclosed shopping center with 250,000 to 750,000 square feet of gross leasable area that contains three or more “big box” retailers (large retailers with floor space over 50,000 square feet) and various smaller retailers with a common parking area shared by the retailers. We use the term “lifestyle” shopping center to refer to a shopping center or commercial development that is often located in suburban areas and combines the traditional retail functions of a shopping mall with leisure amenities oriented towards upscale consumers. We use the term “community” shopping center to refer to a shopping area designed to serve a trade area of 40,000 to 150,000 people where the lead tenant is a variety discount, junior department store and/or supermarket. We use the term “trade area” to refer to the geographic area from which the majority of a given retailer's customers come from. Trade areas vary by market based on geographic size, population density, demographics and proximity to alternative shopping opportunities. We operate on a fiscal calendar widely used by the retail industry that results in a given fiscal year consisting of a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Saturday closest to January 31 of the following year. References to "fiscal year 2020" or "fiscal 2020" refer to the period from February 2, 2020 to January 30, 2021, which consists of a 52-week fiscal year. References to "fiscal year 2019" or "fiscal 2019" refer to the period from February 3, 2019 to February 1, 2020, which consists of a 52-week fiscal year. References to "fiscal year 2018" or "fiscal 2018" refer to the period from February 4, 2018 to February 2, 2019, which consists of a 52-week fiscal year. References to "fiscal year 2017" or "fiscal 2017" refer to the period from January 29, 2017 to February 3, 2018, which consists of a 53-week fiscal year. References to “fiscal year 2016” or “fiscal 2016” refer to the period from January 31, 2016 to January 28, 2017, which consists of a 52-week fiscal year. References to “fiscal year 2015” or “fiscal 2015” refer to the period from February 1, 2015 to January 30, 2016, which consists of a 52-week fiscal year. References to 2020 , 2019 , 2018 , 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 are to our fiscal years unless otherwise specified. Due to the 53rd week in fiscal 2017, all comparable sales related to any reporting period during the year ended February 2, 2019 are reported on a restated calendar basis using the National Retail Federation's restated calendar comparing similar weeks. 6 Our Company Five Below is a rapidly growing specialty value retailer offering a broad range of trend-right, high-quality merchandise targeted at the tween and teen customer. We offer a dynamic, edited assortment of exciting products, most priced at $5 and below with some items up to $10, including select brands and licensed merchandise across eight worlds: Style , Room , Sports , Tech , Create , Party, Candy and Now . In the fall of 2019, we rolled out new pricing to our full chain, increasing prices on certain products to be over $5. We believe we are transforming the shopping experience of our target demographic with a differentiated merchandising strategy and high-energy retail concept, which allows our customers to “Let Go and Have Fun.” Based on our management’s experience and industry knowledge, we believe our customer-centric, experience-first, innovative approach to retail has led to a fiercely loyal customer base and has fostered universal appeal across a variety of age groups beyond our target demographic. We opened the first Five Below store in the greater Philadelphia area in 2002 and, since then, have been expanding throughout the United States. As of February 1, 2020 , we operated a total of 900 locations across 36 states. Our new store model assumes a store size of approximately 8,500 square feet and is typically located within power, community and lifestyle shopping centers across a variety of urban, suburban and semi-rural markets. We opened 150 new stores in fiscal 2019 and we plan to open new stores in fiscal 2020 . We believe that we have the opportunity to grow our store base to more than 2,500 locations over time . In August 2016, we commenced selling merchandise on the internet, through our fivebelow.com e-commerce website. We launched our e-commerce operation as an additional channel to serve our customers. All e-commerce sales, which includes shipping and handling revenue, are included in net sales and beginning with the third fiscal quarter of 2016, are included in comparable sales. Our e-commerce expenses will have components classified as both cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses. We believe that our business model has resulted in strong financial performance irrespective of the economic environment: • Our comparable sales increased by 0.6% in fiscal 2019 , 3.9% in fiscal 2018 , based on the restated calendar, and 6.5% in fiscal 2017 . • We expanded our store base from 625 stores at the end of fiscal year 2017 to 900 stores at the end of fiscal year 2019 , representing a compounded annual growth rate of 20.0% . • Between fiscal 2017 and 2019 , our net sales increased from $1.3 billion to $1.8 billion , representing a compounded annual growth rate of 20.2% . Over the same period, our operating income increased from $157.4 million to $217.3 million , representing a compounded annual growth rate of 17.5% . Our Competitive Strengths We believe the following strengths differentiate Five Below from competitors and are the key drivers of our success: • Unique Focus on the Tween and Teen Customer. We target an attractive customer segment of tweens and teens with trend-right merchandise at differentiated price points. We have built our concept to appeal to this customer base, which we believe to be economically influential and resilient based on our industry knowledge and experience, as well as their parents and others who shop for them. Our brand concept, merchandising strategy and store ambience work in concert to create an upbeat and vibrant retail experience that is designed to appeal to our target audience, drive traffic to our stores and website, and keep our customers engaged throughout their visits. We monitor trends in the ever-changing tween and teen markets and are able to quickly identify and respond to trends that become mainstream. Our price points enable tweens and teens to shop independently, often using their own money to make frequent purchases of items geared primarily to them and to exercise self-expression through their independent retail purchases. • Broad Assortment of Trend-Right, High-Quality Merchandise with Universal Appeal. We deliver an edited assortment of trend-right as well as everyday products within each of our category worlds that changes frequently to create a sense of anticipation and freshness, which we believe provides excitement for our customers. We have a broad range of vendors, most of which are domestically-based, which enables us to shorten response lead times, maximizes our speed to market and equips us to make more informed buying decisions. Our unique approach encourages frequent customer visits and limits the cyclical fluctuations experienced by many other specialty retailers. The breadth, depth and quality of our product mix and the diversity of our category worlds attract shoppers across a broad range of age and socio-economic demographics. 7 • Exceptional Value Proposition for Customers. We believe we offer a clear value proposition to our customers. Our price points, with most products priced at $5 and below, resonate with our target demographic and with other value-oriented customers. We are able to deliver on this value proposition through sourcing products in a manner that is designed to achieve low cost, fast response and high item velocity and sell-through. We maintain a dynamic and collaborative relationship with our vendor partners that provides us with favorable access to quality merchandise at attractive prices. We also employ an opportunistic buying strategy, capitalizing on select excess inventory opportunities with our vendors. This unique and flexible sourcing strategy allows us to offer high-quality products at exceptional value across all of our category worlds. • Differentiated Shopping Experience. We believe we have created a unique and engaging in-store and online atmosphere that customers find fun and exciting. While we refresh our products frequently, we maintain a floor layout, designed with an easy-to-navigate flow and featuring sight-lines across the entire store enabling customers to easily identify our category worlds. All of our stores feature a sound system playing trend-right music throughout the shopping day. We employ novel and dynamic techniques to display our products, including distinctive merchandise fixtures and colorful and stimulating signage. This approach makes our stores a destination, encouraging hands-on interaction with our products and conveying our value pricing. We have developed a unique culture that emanates from our employees, many of whom frequently shop at Five Below, to our customers, thereby driving a higher level of connectivity and engagement. Additionally, we believe our price points, coupled with our dynamic merchandising approach, create an element of discovery, driving repeat visits and customer engagement. • Powerful and Consistent Store Economics. We have a proven store model that generates strong cash flow, consistent store-level financial results and a high level return on investment. Our stores have been successful in varying geographic regions, population densities and real estate settings and our new stores have achieved average payback periods of less than one year. We believe our robust store model, reinforced by our rigorous site selection process and in-store execution, drives the strength and consistency of our comparable sales and financial results across all geographic regions and store-year classes. • Highly Experienced and Passionate Senior Management Team with Proven Track Record. Our senior management team, led by Joel Anderson, our President and Chief Executive Officer, has extensive retail experience across a broad range of disciplines, including merchandising, real estate, finance, store operations, supply chain management and information technology. Our management team drives our operating philosophy, which is based on a relentless focus on providing high-quality merchandise at exceptional value and a superior shopping experience utilizing a disciplined, low-cost operating and sourcing structure. We believe our management team is integral to our success and has positioned us well for long-term growth. Growth Strategy We believe we can grow our net sales and earnings by executing on the following strategies: • Grow Our Store Base. We believe there is significant opportunity to expand our store base throughout the United States from 900 locations as of February 1, 2020 to more than 2,500 locations within the United States over time. Based upon our strategy of store densification, we expect most of our near-term growth will occur within our existing markets, as well as new markets. This strategy allows us to benefit from enhanced brand awareness and achieve operational efficiencies. We opened 125 net new stores in fiscal 2018 and 150 new stores in fiscal 2019 , and we plan to open new stores in fiscal 2020 . Our new store model assumes approximately 8,500 square feet and is primarily in-line locations within power, community and lifestyle shopping centers across a variety of urban, suburban and semi-rural markets. We have a talented and disciplined real estate management team and a rigorous real estate site selection process. We analyze the demographics of the surrounding trade areas and the performance of adjacent retailers, as well as traffic and specific site characteristics and other variables. As of February 1, 2020 , we have executed lease agreements for the opening of 105 new stores in fiscal 2020 , • Drive Comparable Sales. We expect to continue generating positive comparable sales growth by continuing to hone and refine our dynamic merchandising offering and differentiated in-store shopping experience. We intend to increase our brand awareness through cost-effective marketing efforts and enthusiastic customer engagement. We believe that executing on these strategies will increase the frequency of purchases by our existing customers and attract new customers to our stores. 8 • Increase Brand Awareness. We have a cost-effective marketing strategy designed to promote brand awareness and drive store and website traffic. Our strategy includes the use of digital marketing, streaming video, television, print media, philanthropic and local community marketing to support existing and new market entries. We leverage our growing e-mail database, mobile website and social media presence to drive brand engagement and increased store visits within existing and new markets. We believe that our digital experience is an extension of our brand and retail stores, serving as a marketing and customer engagement tool for us. Our digital experience allows us to continue to build brand awareness, grow online sales and expand our customer base. • Enhance Operating Margins. We believe we have further opportunities to drive margin improvement over time. A primary driver of our expected margin expansion will come from leveraging our cost structure as we continue to increase our store base and drive our average net sales per store. We intend to capitalize on opportunities across our supply chain as we grow our business and achieve further economies of scale. Our History The Company was incorporated in Pennsylvania in January 2002 under the name of Cheap Holdings, Inc. by David Schlessinger and Thomas Vellios, who recognized a market need for a fun and affordable shopping destination aimed at our target customer. We changed our name to Five Below, Inc. in August 2002. In July 2014, Joel Anderson joined the Five Below senior management team and he was appointed Chief Executive Officer effective February 1, 2015. Our Market Opportunity As a result of our unique merchandise offering and value proposition, we believe we have effectively tapped the tween and teen markets. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, there were over 63 million people in the United States between the ages of 5 and 19, which represented over 20% of the U.S. population as of April 1, 2010. Based on management’s experience and industry knowledge, we believe that this segment of the population has a significant amount of disposable income as the vast majority of this age group’s basic needs are already met. Our Merchandise Strategy We offer a dynamic, edited assortment of trend-right, high-quality products, with most priced at $5 or below, including select brands and licensed merchandise, targeted at the tween and teen customer. We believe we are transforming the shopping experience of our target demographic with a unique merchandising strategy and high-energy retail concept that our customers consider fun and exciting. Based on management’s experience and industry knowledge, we believe our compelling value proposition and the dynamic nature of our merchandise offering has fostered universal appeal to customers across a variety of age groups beyond our target demographic. Our typical store features in excess of 4,000 stock-keeping units, or SKUs, across a number of our category worlds including Style , Room, Sports, Tech , Create , Party, Candy and Now . We focus our merchandising strategy on maintaining core categories within our stores, but aim to generate high item velocity and sell-through to keep our assortment fresh and drive repeat visits. We monitor trends in our target demographic market, historical sales trends of current and prior products and the success of new product launches to ensure that our merchandise is relevant for our customers. We have a highly planned merchandise strategy focused on trend-right and everyday products supplemented by selected opportunistic purchases from our vendors to drive traffic and therefore offer our customers a consistently exciting shopping experience. We believe we offer a compelling value proposition to our customers across all of our core product categories. The common element of our dynamic merchandise selection is the consistent delivery of exceptional value to the consumer, with most products offered at or below the $5 price point. Our pricing enables us to provide an extensive range of exciting products, while maintaining the attraction of a value retailer. Many of the products we sell can also be found in mall specialty stores, department stores, mass merchandisers and drug stores; however, we offer all of these products in an exciting and easy to shop retail environment at exceptional price points. Product Mix We organize the merchandise in our stores into the following category worlds: • Style : Consists primarily of accessories such as novelty socks, sunglasses, jewelry, scarves, gloves, hair accessories, athletic tops and bottoms and “attitude” t-shirts. Our style offering also includes products such as nail polish, lip gloss, fragrance, and branded cosmetics. • Room : Consists of items used to complete and personalize our customer’s living space, including glitter lamps, posters, frames, fleece blankets, plush items, pillows, candles, incense, lighting, novelty décor and related items. We also offer storage options for the customer’s room. • Sports : Consists of an assortment of sport balls, team sports merchandise and fitness accessories, including hand weights, jump ropes and gym balls. We also offer a variety of games, including name brand board games, puzzles, collectibles and toys including remote control. In the summer season, our sports offering also includes pool, beach and outdoor toys, games and accessories. • Tech : Consists of a selection of accessories for cell phones, tablets, audio and computers. The offering includes cases, chargers, headphones and other related items. We also carry a range of media products including books, video games and DVDs. • Create : We offer an assortment of craft activity kits, as well as arts and crafts supplies such as crayons, markers and stickers. We also offer trend-right items for school such as backpacks, fashion notebooks and journals, novelty pens and pencils, locker accessories as well as everyday name brand items. 9 • Party : Consists of party goods, decorations, gag gifts and greeting cards, as well as every day and special occasion merchandise. • Candy : Consists of branded items that appeal to tweens and teens. This category includes an assortment of classic and novelty candy bars and movie-size box candy, seasonal-related candy as well as gum and snack food. We also sell chilled drinks via coolers. • Now : Consists of seasonally-specific items used to celebrate and decorate for events such as Christmas, Easter, Halloween and St. Patrick’s Day. These products are most often placed at the front of the store. Set forth below is data for the following groups of products – leisure, fashion and home, and party and snack. The percentage of net sales represented by each product group for each of the last three fiscal years was as follows: Percentage of Net Sales 2019 2018 2017 Leisure 49.8 % 50.9 % 50.1 % Fashion and home 31.3 % 30.9 % 31.6 % Party and snack 18.9 % 18.2 % 18.3 % Total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % Leisure includes items such as sporting goods, games, toys, tech, books, electronic accessories, and arts and crafts. Fashion and home includes items such as personal accessories, “attitude” t-shirts, beauty offerings, home goods and storage options. Party and snack includes items such as party and seasonal goods, greeting cards, candy and other snacks, and beverages. Our Stores As of February 1, 2020 , we operated 900 stores throughout the United States. Our new store model assumes a store size of approximately 8,500 square feet. Our stores are primarily located in power, community and lifestyle shopping centers; approximately 5% of our stores are located in malls. The following map shows the number of stores in each of the states in which we operated and the locations of our distribution centers as of February 1, 2020 . 10 Store Design and Layout We present our products in a unique and engaging in-store atmosphere. We maintain a floor layout designed with an easy-to-navigate flow and featuring sight-lines across the entire store enabling customers to easily identify our category worlds. All of our stores feature a sound system playing popular music throughout the shopping day. We employ novel and dynamic techniques to display our products, including distinctive merchandise fixtures and colorful and stimulating signage, which attract customers, encourage hands-on interaction with our products and convey our value pricing. In addition to traditional perimeter and gondola shelving, racks and tables, we utilize innovative approaches such as wheelbarrows, oil drums and bins strategically placed throughout our stores. These techniques foster customer interaction with products, supporting the strong relationship we strive to develop with our customers and enhance our upbeat and vibrant shopping environment. Each of our category worlds is strategically located within our stores in an effort to enhance the customer’s shopping experience. For example, our Now offerings are located in the front of the store with the goal of catching customers’ attention and being “top of mind,” and specially featured value items and other key items are positioned along the center aisle. Impulse items and “dollar value” items surround the checkout areas to capture add-on purchases. Expansion Opportunities and Site Selection Our unique focus on the tween and teen customer is supported by our real estate strategy to locate stores in high-visibility locations. We seek to operate stores in high-visibility, high-traffic retail venues, which reinforce our brand message, heighten brand awareness and drive customer traffic. Our strategy is to saturate markets with clusters of stores because of the considerable benefit that stores derive from market concentration. Our store model is profitable across a variety of urban, suburban and semi-rural markets and in multiple real estate venues including power, community and lifestyle shopping centers. Our retail concept works well with a large and varied group of national co-tenants that drive customer traffic. We select store sites for new store openings based upon certain criteria including minimum population density requirements, availability of attractive lease terms, sufficient space and strong positioning within a center. Employees on our real estate team spend considerable time evaluating prospective sites before bringing a proposal to our real estate committee. Our real estate committee, which is composed of senior management including our executive officers, approves all of our locations before a lease is signed. We believe there is a significant opportunity to expand our store base in the United States. We opened 150 new stores in fiscal 2019 and we intend to open new stores in fiscal 2020 through expansion in existing markets and by entering new markets. We maintain a pipeline of real estate sites that have been approved by our real estate committee and have executed 105 leases as of February 1, 2020 for new stores in fiscal 2020 . The actual number, location and timing of new store openings in 2020 will depend on a number of factors, such as retail trends, competition, the general economic environment and our ability to hire and retain new store managers and employees. Our recent store growth is summarized in the following table: Period Stores at Start of Period Stores Opened Stores Closed Net Store Increase Stores at End of Period Fiscal 2017 522 104 1 103 625 Fiscal 2018 625 126 1 125 750 Fiscal 2019 750 150 — 150 900 Opening stores within existing markets enables Five Below to benefit from enhanced brand awareness and to achieve advertising, operating and distribution efficiencies. Our targeted new store openings include additional locations in existing markets as well as expansion into new markets. In existing markets, we use a store densification strategy that promotes brand awareness and leverages marketing, operating and distribution costs. When entering new markets, we employ a store clustering strategy, opening multiple stores in a single market on the same day, enabling us to leverage marketing and pre-opening expenses and generate initial new market brand awareness. Our store growth is supported by our new store economics, which we believe to be compelling. Our new store model assumes a store size of approximately 8,500 square feet that achieves sales of approximately $1.8 million in the first full year of operation and an average new store cash investment of approximately $0.3 million , including our store build-out (net of tenant allowances), inventory (net of payables) and cash pre-opening expenses. Our new store model targets an average payback period of less than one year on our initial investment. 11 Store Operations Each of our stores is managed by a store manager and one or two assistant managers who oversee full-time and part-time employees within each store. Each store manager is responsible for the day-to-day operations of his or her store, including the unit’s operating results, maintaining a clean and appealing store environment and the hiring, training and development of employees. We also employ district managers who are responsible for overseeing the operations of 10 to 15 stores, on average, and regional directors who are responsible for overseeing the operations of our district managers. We are guided by a philosophy that recognizes strong sales performance and customer service, allowing us to identify and reward employees who meet our high performance standards. Store managers participate in a rewarding bonus incentive program. We also recognize individual performance through internal promotions and provide extensive opportunities for advancement. Our employees are critical to achieving our goals, and we strive to hire talented people with high energy levels and motivation. We have well-established store operating policies and procedures and an in-store training program for new store managers, assistant managers and store associates. In addition, we have a dedicated group of training and new store opening managers who are focused on ensuring a consistent new store opening and remodel process and who leverage their extensive experience and knowledge of Five Below to train new store managers. Our customer service and store procedure training programs are designed to enable employees to assist customers in a friendly manner and to help create a positive sales-driven environment as well as teach successful operating practices and procedures. Merchandising, Sourcing and Distribution We have developed a disciplined approach to buying and a dynamic inventory planning and allocation process to support our merchandising strategy. Merchandising Our merchandising team consists of a Chief Merchandising Officer, who reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer, and is supported by general merchandising managers and an extensive team of merchandising employees. Our merchandising team works directly with our product development team and our central planning and allocation group to ensure a consistent delivery of products across our store base. Our Chief Merchandising Officer has over 30 years of experience within the retail sector. Our product development team is led by a Senior Vice President of Business and Product Development. Our product development team works directly with our merchandising group to identify new and improved products through international sourcing. Our Senior Vice President of Business and Product Development has over 30 years of experience within the retail sector. Sourcing We believe we have strong sourcing capabilities developed through a dynamic and collaborative relationship with our vendor partners that provide us with favorable access to quality merchandise at attractive prices. We regularly purchase core merchandise in accordance with our key categories. We also employ an opportunistic buying strategy, capitalizing on selected excess inventory opportunities, to purchase complementary merchandise based on consumer trends, product availability and favorable economic terms. We work with approximately 800 active vendors, with no single vendor representing more than 7% of our purchases in fiscal 2019 . We sourced approximately 65% of our purchases from domestic vendors in fiscal 2019 . We typically have no long-term supply agreements or exclusive arrangements with our vendors. Distribution and Fulfillment We distribute over 85% of our merchandise for our retail stores from our approximately 1,000,000 square foot distribution center in Pedricktown, New Jersey, our approximately 700,000 square foot distribution center in Forsyth, Georgia and our approximately 600,000 square foot distribution center in Olive Branch, Mississippi, with the remaining merchandise shipped directly from the vendor to our stores. We realize cost savings by working with our vendors to streamline and reduce packaging to diminish shipping costs. For our direct-to-customer e-commerce business, we commenced fulfillment operations in Pedricktown, New Jersey in fiscal 2018 and in Cincinnati, Ohio in fiscal 2019. 12 We generally ship merchandise from our distribution centers to our stores between two and four times a week, depending on the season and the volume of a specific store. We use contract carriers to ship merchandise to our stores. From time to time, we augment our distribution facilities with third-party warehousing. We continuously assess ways to maximize the productivity and efficiency of our existing distribution facilities and evaluate opportunities for additional distribution centers. In March 2019, we completed the purchase of an approximately 700,000 square foot distribution center in Forsyth, Georgia. We began operating the distribution center in April 2019. In August 2019, we acquired land in Conroe, Texas, to build an approximately 860,000 square foot distribution center. The total cost of the land and building is expected to be approximately $56 million, of which approximately $31 million has been paid through February 1, 2020. We expect to occupy the distribution center in Conroe, Texas in 2020. We are planning to lease or build new distribution centers over the next few years to support our growth objectives. Marketing and Advertising Our cost-effective marketing strategy is designed to promote brand awareness and drive store and website traffic with our target demographic, as well as other value-oriented customers. Our strategy includes highlighting our brand and exceptional value proposition through the use of digital advertising, commercials (on television and through streaming), print media, and local marketing, with a focus on peak selling seasons. Additionally, we rely on the strong visibility and the presence of our store locations, email messaging and community fundraising to promote and further our brand image and drive traffic. Our digital experience, anchored by our mobile e-commerce website and social media presence is growing rapidly as we utilize Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat to engage our customers with compelling digital content on a daily basis. Our marketing team works with our merchandising team to develop novel and dynamic techniques to display our products, including distinctive merchandise fixtures and colorful and stimulating signage, which attract customers, encourage hands-on interaction with our products and convey our value pricing. For new store openings, we seek to create community awareness and consumer excitement through a mix of print and digital advertising, public relations and community outreach promoting the grand opening and by creating an engaging grand opening event that includes contests, giveaways and signature “Five Cent” hot dogs. We also aim to execute multiple store openings in a given new market on the same day in order to leverage marketing efforts to produce maximum impact. In addition to our marketing and advertising efforts described above, we also maintain an e-commerce website ( www.fivebelow.com ) and, over the last few years, our online following has grown substantially. We use both our website and social media channels to highlight our featured products, value proposition, store locations, employment opportunities, and grand openings. Competition We compete with a broad range of retailers including discount, mass merchandise, grocery, drug, convenience, variety and other specialty stores with both physical locations and online stores. Many of these retail companies operate stores in many of the areas where we operate, and many of them engage in extensive advertising and marketing efforts. We also compete with online retailers who do not have traditional brick and mortar locations. The principal basis upon which we compete is by offering a dynamic, edited assortment of trend-right products, with most priced at $5 and below, and including select brands and licensed merchandise, targeted at the tween and teen customer. We believe we are transforming the shopping experience of our target demographic with a unique merchandising strategy and high-energy retail concept that our customers consider fun and exciting. Our success also depends in substantial part on our ability to respond quickly to trends so that we can meet the changing demands of our customers. We believe that we compare favorably relative to many of our competitors based on our merchandising strategy, edited product assortment targeted at tweens and teens, store environment, flexible real estate strategy and company culture. Nonetheless, certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do. Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property We own several trademarks that have been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, including Five Below ® and Five Below Hot Stuff. Cool Prices ® . We also own domain names, including www.fivebelow.com , and unregistered copyrights in our website content. We attempt to obtain registration of our trademarks whenever practicable and pursue any 13 infringement of those marks. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this document may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We also refer to product names, trademarks, trade names and service marks that are the property of other companies. Management Information Systems Our management information systems provide a full range of business process assistance and timely information to support our merchandising strategy, warehouse management, stores and operating and financial teams. We believe our current systems provide us with operational efficiencies, scalability, management control and timely reporting that allow us to identify and respond to merchandising and operating trends in our business. We use a combination of internal and external resources to support store point-of-sale, merchandise planning and buying, inventory management, financial reporting, real estate, human resource and administrative functions. We continuously assess ways to maximize productivity and efficiency, and evaluate opportunities to further enhance our existing systems. Government Regulation We are subject to labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, privacy laws, safety regulations and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers and/or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of stores and warehouse facilities. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. Insurance We maintain third-party insurance for a number of risk management activities including but not limited to workers’ compensation, cyber, directors & officers, general liability, property and employee-related health care benefits. We evaluate our insurance requirements on an ongoing basis to ensure we maintain adequate levels of coverage. Employees As of February 1, 2020 , we employed approximately 4,400 full-time and 12,200 part-time employees. Of our total employees, approximately 500 were based at our corporate headquarters in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, approximately 700 were based at our distribution centers in Pedricktown, New Jersey, Olive Branch, Mississippi, Forsyth, Georgia and Cincinnati, Ohio and approximately 15,400 were store employees. The number of part-time employees fluctuates depending on seasonal needs. None of our employees belong to a union or are party to any collective bargaining or similar agreement. Seasonality Our business is seasonal in nature with the highest level of net sales and net income generated in the fourth fiscal quarter due to the year-end holiday season and, therefore, operating results for any fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for the full fiscal year. To prepare for the holiday season, we must order and keep in stock more merchandise than we carry during other parts of the year. We expect inventory levels, along with an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, generally to reach their highest levels in the third and fourth fiscal quarters in anticipation of the increased net sales during the year-end holiday season. As a result of this seasonality, and generally because of variation in consumer spending habits, we experience fluctuations in net sales, net income and working capital requirements during the year. Available Information For more information about us, visit our website at www.fivebelow.com . The contents of our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our electronic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (including all annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports), including the exhibits, are available, free of charge, through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 14 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the following risks and uncertainties when reading this Annual Report . If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Although we believe that we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our performance or financial condition. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry The Coronavirus (or COVID-19) outbreak has led to the temporary closure of our stores and is expected to have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and liquidity . The outbreak of the Coronavirus (or COVID-19) continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally, and related government and private sector responsive actions are expected to adversely affect our business operations. It is impossible to predict the effect and ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as the situation is rapidly evolving. Store traffic has decreased based on changes in consumer sentiment, fear of a recession and health concerns. On March 13, 2020, the President of the United States declared a national emergency as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak in the U.S. The pandemic has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus, especially when congregating in heavily populated areas, such as malls and shopping centers. In recent days there have been mandates from federal, state and local authorities requiring reduction of operating hours and forced temporary closures of non-essential retailers and other businesses, which have affected our stores, further negatively impacting the Company’s business. As a result of these developments, out of concern for our customers, crew members and community, effective at the close of business on March 19, 2020, we will be temporarily closing all of our retail stores until at least March 31, 2020. Although we continue to sell products through our e-commerce site and our distribution centers remain open and operational through the date of filing of this Annual Report, governmental mandates or illness or absence of a substantial number of distribution center employees could require that we temporarily close one or more of our distribution centers, which would complicate or prevent our fulfilling on-line orders, and once some or all of our stores reopen, would complicate or prevent our supplying merchandise to our stores. Although it is not possible to reliably estimate the duration or severity of the pandemic and hence its financial impact on the Company, the temporary closure of our stores is expected to have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and liquidity. After some or all of our stores reopen, any significant reduction in consumer willingness to visit malls and shopping centers, levels of consumer spending at our stores, or employee willingness to staff our stores, or the temporary closure of our stores or distribution centers, relating to the pandemic or its impact on the economy, consumer sentiment or health concerns, would result in a further loss of sales and profits and other material adverse effects. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our results, financial position and liquidity will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the pandemic and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all, which could harm our growth and results of operations. Our growth is dependent on our ability to open profitable new stores. We believe we have an opportunity to continue to grow our store base from 900 stores in 36 states as of February 1, 2020 to more than 2,500 locations over time . Our ability to open profitable new stores depends on many factors, including our ability to: • identify suitable markets and sites for new stores; • negotiate leases with acceptable terms; • achieve brand awareness in the new markets; • efficiently source and distribute additional merchandise; • expand our distribution capacity by successfully opening and operating new distribution centers; • maintain adequate distribution capacity, information systems and other operational system capabilities; • hire, train and retain store management and other qualified employees; and • achieve sufficient levels of cash flow and financing to support our expansion. 15 Unavailability of attractive store locations, delays in the acquisition or opening of new stores, delays or costs resulting from a decrease in commercial development due to capital constraints, difficulties in staffing and operating new store locations or lack of customer acceptance of stores in new market areas may negatively impact our new store growth and the costs or the profitability associated with new stores. Additionally, some of our new stores may be located in areas where we have little experience or a lack of brand recognition. Those markets may have different competitive conditions, market conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets, which may cause these new stores to be less successful than stores in our existing markets. Other new stores may be located in areas where we have existing stores. Although we have experience in these markets, increasing the number of locations in these markets may result in inadvertent over-saturation of markets and temporarily or permanently divert customers and sales from our existing stores, thereby adversely affecting our overall financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will achieve our planned growth or, even if we are able to grow our store base as planned, that any new stores will perform as planned. If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, we will not be able to sustain the rapid growth in sales and profits that we expect, which would likely have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. Any disruption in our ability to select, obtain, distribute and market merchandise attractive to customers at prices that allow us to profitably sell such merchandise could impact our business negatively. We generally have been able to select and obtain sufficient quantities of attractive merchandise at prices that allow us to be profitable. If we are unable to continue to select products that are attractive to our customers, to obtain such products at costs that allow us to sell such products at a profit, or to market such products effectively to consumers, our sales or profitability could be affected adversely. In addition, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences, expectations and needs. If we are unable to quickly respond to developing trends or if the spending patterns or demographics of these markets change, and we do not timely and appropriately respond to such changes, then the demand for our products, which are discretionary, and our market share could be adversely affected. Failure to maintain attractive stores and to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer needs, preferences and spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and our market share. Any disruption in the supply or increase in pricing of our merchandise could negatively impact our ability to achieve anticipated operating results. The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. We have not experienced any difficulty in obtaining sufficient quantities of core merchandise and believe that, if one or more of our current sources of supply become unavailable, we would generally be able to obtain alternative sources without experiencing a substantial disruption of our business. However, such alternative sources could increase our merchandise costs and reduce the quality of our merchandise, and an inability to obtain alternative sources could affect our sales. Our reliance on merchandise manufactured outside of the United States subjects us to legal, regulatory, political and economic risks. In particular, tariffs imposed and proposed by the U.S. government could increase the cost to us of certain products, lower our margins, increase our import related expenses, cause us to increase our prices to consumers, and reduce consumer spending on discretionary items, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of future operations. A significant majority of our merchandise is manufactured outside of the United States, and changes in the prices and flow of these goods for any reason could have an adverse impact on our operations. The United States and other countries have occasionally proposed and enacted protectionist trade policies, which may result in changes in tariff structures and trade policies and restrictions that could increase the cost or reduce the availability of certain merchandise. In particular, in 2018 and 2019 the United States imposed increased tariffs on certain imports from China (up to 30%), and the President of the United States, at one point, directed United States companies to immediately begin to look for alternatives to China and suggested he had the authority to order United States companies to cease production in, and importation from, China. Although a partial trade deal has been reached between the United States and China, the trade issues between these countries are not fully resolved. The trade issues between the United States and China may continue to be volatile and difficult to predict or forecast. Increased tariffs as well as any newly imposed tariffs on items imported from China or elsewhere would likely result in lower gross margins on impacted products, unless we are able to successfully take any one or more of the following mitigating actions: negotiate lower product costs with our vendors, purchase products produced in countries with no or lower tariffs or transition away from domestic vendors who source from China or other tariff impacted countries, increase our prices, or alter or cease offering certain products. Any increase in pricing, alteration of products or reduced product offering could reduce the competitiveness of our products. Furthermore, any retaliatory counter-measures imposed by countries subject to such tariffs, 16 such as China, could increase our, or our vendors’, import expenses. Additionally, even if the products we import are not directly impacted by additional tariffs, the imposition of such additional tariffs on goods imported into the United States could cause increased prices for consumer goods in general, which could have a negative impact on consumer spending for discretionary items reducing demand for our products. These direct and indirect impacts of increased tariffs or trade restrictions implemented by the United States, both individually and cumulatively, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of future operations. It has also been suggested that the United States may materially modify or withdraw from some of its existing trade agreements. Any of these or other measures, if ultimately enacted, or events relating to the manufacturers of our merchandise and the countries in which they are located, some or all of which are beyond our control, could adversely affect our ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms, negatively impact our operations, increase costs and lower our margins. Such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to: • political and economic instability; • the financial instability and labor problems of the manufacturers of our merchandise; • the availability and cost of raw materials; • merchandise quality or safety issues; • changes in currency exchange rates; • the regulatory environment in the countries in which the manufacturers of our merchandise are located; • work stoppages or other employee rights issues; • inflation or deflation; and • transportation availability, costs and disruptions. Moreover, negative press or reports about products manufactured outside the United States may sway public opinion, and thus customer confidence, away from the products sold in our stores. These and other factors affecting the manufacturers of our merchandise who are located outside of the United States and our access to our products could adversely affect our financial performance. We have implemented price increases in an effort to mitigate current and future cost increases. These or future price increases could reduce our unit sales, damage our reputation with our customers as an extreme value retailer, or cause us to become less competitive in the marketplace, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of future operations. We, like many retailers, are and may in the future be subject to increasing operational costs, including escalating product costs, the imposition of tariffs on imported goods, and higher wage and benefits costs in response to legislative requirements and competitive pressures. In fiscal 2019 we implemented price increases (including beyond $5 per item) in an effort to mitigate some or all of the risks of such operational cost increases. We can offer no assurances that price increases will be accepted by our customers, or that price increases will be sufficient to offset the impact of future cost increases. In addition, any increase in our prices may cause our unit sales to decline, and could undermine our positioning as an extreme value retailer making us less attractive to our customers and less competitive in the marketplace. Accordingly, such factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of future operations. Our sales depend on a volume of traffic to our stores, and a reduction in traffic to, or the closing of, anchor tenants and other destination retailers in the shopping centers in which our stores are located could significantly reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory. Most of our stores are located in power, community and lifestyle shopping centers that benefit from the ability of “anchor” retail tenants, generally big box stores, and other destination retailers and attractions to generate sufficient levels of consumer traffic in the vicinity of our stores. Any decline in the volume of consumer traffic at shopping centers, whether because of consumer preferences to shop on the internet or at large warehouse stores, an economic slowdown, a decline in the popularity of shopping centers, the closing of anchor stores or other destination retailers or otherwise, could result in reduced sales at our stores and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results or business. 17 An inability to attract and retain qualified employees and to control labor costs, as well as other labor issues, could adversely affect our business. Our growth could be adversely impacted by an inability to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees at the store operations level, in distribution facilities, and at the corporate level, at costs which allow us to profitably conduct our operations. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while controlling our labor costs, is subject to many external factors, including competition for and availability of qualified employees in a given market, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage laws, health and other insurance costs, and changes in employment and labor laws (including changes in the process for our employees to join a union) or other workplace regulation. For example, some jurisdictions in which we operate have historically enacted minimum wages that exceed the federal standards. To the extent our competitors increase wage rates for their employees, we will likely have to increase wage rates to stay competitive and attract and retain our employees, which would increase our labor costs. If we do not maintain competitive wages, our customer service could suffer due to declining quality of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates. In addition, if a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor costs could increase. Further, we believe the current pricing of our healthcare costs includes the potential future impact of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, but such legislation may further cause our healthcare costs to increase. Significant costs of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act may occur due to provisions of the legislation being phased in over time and changes to our healthcare costs structure could have a significant negative effect on our business. In addition, our ability to pass along any increase in labor costs to our customers is constrained by our low price model. 18 Our new store growth is dependent upon our ability to successfully expand our distribution network capacity, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans could affect our performance adversely. We maintain distribution centers in Pedricktown, New Jersey, Olive Branch, Mississippi, Forsyth, Georgia and Cincinnati, Ohio. We continuously assess ways to maximize the productivity and efficiency of our existing distribution facilities and evaluate opportunities for additional distribution centers. During fiscal 2015, we opened a distribution center in Pedricktown, New Jersey. We currently occupy approximately 1,000,000 square feet, having expanded from 800,000 square feet in September 2018. In March 2019, we completed the purchase of an approximately 700,000 square foot distribution center in Forsyth, Georgia. We began operating the distribution center in April 2019. In August 2019, we acquired land in Conroe, Texas, to build an approximately 860,000 square foot distribution center, which we expect to occupy in 2020. In addition, we are planning to lease or build new distribution centers over the next few years to support our growth objectives. Delays in opening the planned new distribution centers could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth, which could in turn reduce sales growth. In addition, any distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. The completion date and ultimate cost of future projects, including opening the planned new distribution centers could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. We cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established budgets. In addition, the fixed costs associated with owning, operating and maintaining our distribution centers during a period of economic weakness or declining sales can result in lower operating efficiencies, financial deleverage and potential impairment in the recorded value of distribution assets. This fixed cost structure may adversely affect profitability if sales volumes decline for an extended period of time and could have material adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. Furthermore, our distribution centers in Forsyth, Georgia and Conroe, Texas subject us to the risks of owning real property, which include, but are not limited to: • the possibility of environmental contamination and the costs associated with remediating any environmental problems; • adverse changes in the value of this property, and any future properties we may own, due to interest rate changes, changes in the neighborhood in which the property is located, or other factors; • the possible need for structural improvements in order to comply with zoning, seismic and other legal or regulatory requirements; • the potential disruption of our business and operations arising from or connected with a relocation due to moving to or renovating the facility; • increased cash commitments for improvements to the building or the property, or both; • increased operating expenses for the buildings or the property, or both; and • the risk of financial loss in excess of amounts covered by insurance, or uninsured risks, such as the loss caused by damage to the buildings as a result of earthquakes, floods and/or other natural disasters. 19 A significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits. Because most of our products are distributed from our distribution centers, the unexpected loss of any one of our distribution centers, due to natural disaster or otherwise, would materially affect our operations. We also rely upon independent third-party transportation to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner, through deliveries to our distribution centers from vendors and then from the distribution centers or direct ship vendors to our stores. Our use of outside delivery services for shipments is subject to risks outside of our control and any disruption, unanticipated expense or operational failure related to this process could affect store operations negatively. For example, unexpected delivery delays or increases in transportation costs (including through increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments or resulting from labor shortages or work stoppages) could significantly decrease our ability to generate sales and earn profits. If we change shipping companies, we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely impact deliveries and we would incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from the independent third-party transportation providers we currently use, which would increase our costs. Additionally, long-term disruptions to the United States and international transportation infrastructure from wars, political unrest, terrorism, natural disasters, governmental budget constraints and other significant events that could lead to delays or interruptions of service could adversely affect our business. As we seek to expand our operation through the implementation of our online retail capabilities, we may face increased or unexpected demands on distribution center operations, as well as new demands on our distribution network. Extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our stores are located could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our stores are located could negatively affect our business and results of operations. We have a significant number of stores in the Northeastern and Midwestern regions of the United States, which are prone to inclement weather conditions, as well as severe storms. Such inclement weather could have a significant impact on consumer behavior, travel and store traffic patterns, as well as our ability to operate our stores. For example, frequent or unusually heavy snowfall, ice storms, rainstorms or other extreme weather conditions over a prolonged period could make it difficult for our customers to travel to our stores and thereby reduce our sales and profitability. In addition, we typically generate higher revenues and gross margins during our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the year-end holiday season. If weather conditions are not favorable during these periods, our operating results and cash flow from operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to secure our customers’ confidential or credit card information, or other private data relating to our employees or our Company, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation, which could damage our business reputation and adversely affect our financial results. As with other companies, we are periodically subject to cyberattacks. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals (including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored institutions, terrorist organizations and individuals or groups participating in organized crime) with a wide range of expertise and motives (including monetization of corporate, payment or other internal or personal data, theft of trade secrets and intellectual property for competitive advantage and leverage for political, social, economic and environmental reasons). Such cyberattacks and cyber incidents can take many forms including cyber extortion, denial of service, social engineering, such as impersonation attempts to fraudulently induce employees or others to disclose information or unwittingly provide access to systems or data, introduction of viruses or malware, such as ransomware through phishing emails, website defacement or theft of passwords and other credentials. Although we may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyberattacks or other cyber incidents, no cyberattack or other cyber incident has, to our knowledge, had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations to date. The protection of our customer, employee and company data is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements that affect our business. In addition, customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information from cyberattack or other security breaches. We have procedures and technology in place designed to safeguard our customers’ debit and credit card and other personal information, our employees’ private data and company records, intellectual property and other confidential information, and we continue to devote significant resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, and other security measures, including training, to protect our systems and data. Nevertheless, these security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every such breach or disruption, including through the intentional or negligent actions of our employees, business associates or third parties. As a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate customer data and company confidential information. 20 There can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent the compromise of our customer transaction processing capabilities and personal data. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If any such compromise of our security or the security of information residing with our business associates or third parties were to occur, we could be exposed to negative publicity, government enforcement actions, card issuer fines and/or penalties, private litigation or costly response measures. In addition, our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores, or not shopping in our stores altogether. This could cause us to lose market share to our competitors and could have an adverse effect on our financial results. We are subject to customer payment-related risks that could increase operating costs or exposure to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, credit and debit cards and gift cards. Acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. Any inability to comply with such requirements may subject us to increased risk of liability for fraudulent transactions and may adversely affect our business and operating results. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. If these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. The payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. If we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. As a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our growth from existing stores is dependent upon our ability to increase sales and improve the efficiencies, costs and effectiveness of our operations, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans could affect our performance adversely. Increases in sales in existing stores are dependent on factors such as competition, including from online retailers, merchandise selection, store operations and customer satisfaction. If we fail to realize our goals of successfully managing our store operations and increasing our customer retention and recruitment levels, our sales may not increase and our growth may be impacted adversely. Our success depends on our executive officers, senior management, district, store, and distribution center managers, and other key personnel. If we lose our executive officers, senior management, district, store, and distribution center managers, or any other key personnel, or are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers, senior management, district, store, and distribution center managers, and other key personnel, including Joel Anderson, our President and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, senior management, district, store, and distribution center managers, or other key personnel could have an adverse effect on our operations. Competition for skilled and experienced management in the retail industry is intense, and our future success will also depend on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, as a failure to attract these key personnel could have an adverse effect on our operations. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our executive officers or key personnel. Our profitability and cash flows from operations may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances and inventory shrinkage. Our inventory balance represented approximately 17% of our total assets as of February 1, 2020 . Efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success and profitability. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product mix to meet our customers’ demands without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs to store and hold the goods unduly impacts our financial results. If our buying decisions do not accurately predict customer trends or purchasing actions, or if our expectations about customer spending levels are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns to dispose of excess inventory, which also can adversely impact our financial 21 results. We also experience inventory shrinkage, and we cannot assure you that incidences of inventory loss and theft will stay at acceptable levels or decrease in the future, or that the measures we are taking will effectively address the problem of inventory shrinkage. We continue to focus on ways to reduce these risks, but we cannot assure you that we will be successful in our inventory management. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our profitability and cash flows from operations may be negatively affected. Our business requires that we lease substantial amounts of space and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to lease space on terms as favorable as the leases negotiated in the past. Currently, we lease all of our store locations, as well as our corporate headquarters and distribution facilities in Pedricktown, New Jersey, Olive Branch, Mississippi and Cincinnati, Ohio (and own our distribution center in Forsyth, Georgia and land in Conroe, Texas, where we expect to build a distribution center). Our stores are leased from third parties, with typical initial lease terms of ten years. Many of our lease agreements also have additional five-year renewal options. Historically, we have been able to negotiate terms that fit within our economic model and that we believe are favorable; however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to negotiate such terms. Consolidation in the commercial retail real estate market could affect our ability to successfully negotiate favorable rental terms for our stores in the future. Should significant consolidation occur, a large proportion of our store base could be concentrated with one or a few landlords that would then be in a position to dictate unfavorable terms to us due to their significant negotiating leverage. Many of our lease agreements have defined escalating rent provisions over the initial term and any extensions. Increases in our occupancy costs and difficulty in identifying economically suitable new store locations could have significant negative consequences, which include: • requiring that a greater portion of our available cash be applied to pay our rental obligations, thus reducing cash available for other purposes and reducing our profitability; • increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business or in the industry in which we compete. We depend on cash flow from operations to pay our lease expenses and to fulfill our other cash needs. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities to fund these expenses and needs and sufficient funds are not otherwise available to us, we may not be able to service our lease expenses, grow our business, respond to competitive challenges or fund our other liquidity and capital needs, which could harm our business. If an existing or future store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. Moreover, even if a lease has an early cancellation clause, we may not satisfy the contractual requirements for early cancellation under that lease. In addition, if we are not able to enter into new leases or renew existing leases on terms acceptable to us, this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Operational difficulties, including those associated with our ability to either lease or build and operate our distribution centers, could adversely impact our business. We maintain a network of distribution centers and are planning to lease or build new distribution centers over the next few years to support our growth objectives. Delays in opening these new distribution centers could adversely affect our future financial performance by slowing store growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth, or by increasing transportation costs. In addition, distribution center-related construction entails risks that could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. The completion date and ultimate cost of these projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. We cannot guarantee that these distribution centers or any future operational projects will be completed on time or within established budgets. Additionally, potential ownership of these facilities and of additional facilities which we may lease, acquire, build and own in the future, entails risks of our ability to comply with regulations restricting the construction and operation of these facilities, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our facilities at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, which may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating our facilities. We also may have difficulty negotiating real estate purchase agreements or leases on acceptable terms. Failure to manage these and other similar factors effectively may affect our ability to timely build or lease new facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. 22 We operate in a competitive environment and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain or increase our sales, market shares or margins. We operate in a highly competitive retail environment with numerous competitors, including online retailers, some of which have greater resources or better brand recognition than we do. We compete with respect to customers, price, store location, merchandise quality and supply, assortment and presentation, in-stock consistency, customer service and employees. This competitive environment subjects us to various risks, including the ability to provide quality, trend-right merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Because of our low price model, we may have limited ability to increase prices in response to increased costs without losing competitive position which may adversely affect our margins and financial performance. In addition, price reductions by our competitors may result in the reduction of our prices and a corresponding reduction in our profitability. Accordingly, we may face periods of intense competition in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. Consolidation among retailers, changes in pricing of merchandise or offerings of other services by competitors could have a negative impact on the relative attractiveness of our stores to consumers. We do not possess exclusive rights to many of the elements that comprise our in-store experience and product offerings. Our competitors may seek to copy our business strategy and in-store experience, which could result in a reduction of any competitive advantage or special appeal that we might possess. In addition, most of our products are sold to us on a non-exclusive basis. As a result, our current and future competitors may be able to duplicate or improve on some or all of our in-store experience or product offerings that we believe are important in differentiating our stores and our customers’ shopping experience. If our competitors were to duplicate or improve on some or all of our in-store experience or product offerings, our competitive position and our business could suffer. Our ability to provide quality, trend-right products at attractive, competitive prices could be impacted by various actions of our competitors that are beyond our control. Our profitability is vulnerable to inflation, cost increases, wage rate increases and energy prices. Future increases in costs such as the cost of merchandise, wage rates, shipping rates, freight costs, fuel costs and store occupancy costs may reduce our profitability. These cost increases may be the result of inflationary pressures that could further reduce our sales or profitability. Increases in other operating costs, including changes in energy prices, transportation costs, wage rates and lease and utility costs, may increase our cost of goods sold or operating expenses. In addition, because our expenses relating to wages are significant, any unfavorable changes in labor costs could negatively affect our operational results, financial position, and cash flows. Our low price model and competitive pressures in our industry may have the effect of inhibiting our ability to reflect these increased costs in the prices of our products and therefore reduce our profitability. Our business is seasonal, and adverse events during the holiday season could impact our operating results negatively. Our business is seasonal, with the highest percentage of sales (approximately 40% of total annual sales over the last two fiscal years) occurring during the fourth fiscal quarter (November, December and January), which includes the year-end holiday season. This increased percentage of net sales has historically resulted in the highest percentages of net income during the fourth fiscal quarter. We purchase substantial amounts of inventory in the end of the third fiscal quarter (October) and beginning of the fourth fiscal quarter (November and December) and incur higher shipping costs and higher payroll costs in anticipation of the increased sales activity during these time periods. Adverse events, such as inclement or unusual weather, deteriorating economic conditions, higher unemployment, increased wage rates, higher gas prices or public transportation disruptions could result in lower-than-planned sales during the holiday season which may lead to unanticipated markdowns. Since we rely on third parties for transportation and use third-party warehouses when we build up inventory, a number of these factors are outside of our control. An unsuccessful fourth quarter, or holiday season, will have a substantial negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations for the entire fiscal year. We may not be successful in implementing our expansion into online retail and if we are successful, we will face new risks and challenges, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In August 2016, we commenced selling merchandise on the internet, through our fivebelow.com e-commerce website. Our ability to successfully execute our e-commerce strategy may suffer if we are unable to establish an effective online presence and sell our products in a cost-efficient manner. Because we are in the process of developing our online sales platform, we may not be able to compete as effectively with seasoned online retailers who have a known online presence, well established e-commerce distribution networks and online sales platforms, and more resources than we do. 23 In addition, if we are successful, we will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis and our ability to operate, support, expand and develop our internet operations, website and software and other related operational systems. Although we believe that our participation in both e-commerce and physical store sales will be a distinct advantage for us due to synergies, the potential for new customers and increased brand recognition nationwide in markets where we do not yet have stores, supporting product offerings through both of these channels could create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. For example, if our e-commerce business successfully grows, it may do so in part by attracting existing customers, rather than new customers, who choose to purchase products from us online rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. In addition, selling products through the internet exposes us to the potential for fraud associated with “card-not-present” credit card transactions that does not exist for physical store sales. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as unauthorized use of credit or debit cards and bank account information. Requirements relating to consumer authentication and fraud detection are more complex for online sales than for physical store sales. We may be denied the revenues associated with orders resulting from the unauthorized use of a cardholder’s card number in an illegal activity even if the associated financial institution approved payment of the orders. As we develop our e-commerce business, the impact of attracting existing rather than new customers, of the increased costs associated with the technology infrastructure and distribution networks, and of opening up our channels to increased internet competition could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows, including future growth. Material damage to, or interruptions to, or the inability to upgrade or expand, our technology systems as a result of external factors, staffing shortages or difficulties in updating our existing technology or developing or implementing new technology could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We depend on a variety of information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business. Such systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches and natural disasters. Damage or interruption to these systems may require a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruptions may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We are continuing to expand, upgrade and develop our information technology capabilities, including our point-of-sale system. If we are unable to successfully upgrade or expand our technological capabilities, including our point-of-sale system, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, manage our costs and transactional data effectively, satisfy customer requirements, execute our business plan or respond to competitive pressures. In addition, costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology, or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems, could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. Some of our information technology systems are currently outsourced to third parties. If these third parties are unable, unwilling, or otherwise experience interruptions in their ability to provide services to us or to provide us access to the systems on which we rely, this would disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner. Furthermore, if these third parties are unable to secure our private data from cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, it may disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or reputation. We also rely heavily on our information technology staff. Failure to meet these staffing needs may negatively affect our ability to fulfill our technology initiatives while continuing to provide maintenance on existing systems. We rely on certain vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that they can continue to support our business. The software programs supporting many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers. The inability of these developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade these information systems and software programs would disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner. 24 Failure to maintain adequate financial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and cause a decline in our stock price. Reporting obligations as a public company and our anticipated growth are likely to place a considerable strain on our financial and management systems, processes and controls, as well as on our employees. In addition, as a public company, we are required to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 so that our management can certify the effectiveness of our internal controls and our independent registered public accounting firm can render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we have incurred, and may continue to incur, substantial expenses to test our systems, to make any necessary improvements, and to hire additional employees. As of February 1, 2020 , our internal control over financial reporting was effective using “Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO); however, there can be no assurance that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in future years. If our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls or if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if material weaknesses in our internal controls are identified, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public confidence, which could harm our business and cause a decline in our stock price. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our stock price and harm our ability to raise capital. Failure to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis could also jeopardize our continued listing on The NASDAQ Global Select Market or any other stock exchange on which our common stock may be listed. Delisting of our common stock on any exchange could reduce the liquidity of the market for our common stock, which could reduce the price of our stock and increase the volatility of our stock price. We are in the process of implementing a new enterprise resource planning system. Complications with the design or implementation of this system could adversely impact our business and operations and the implementation of this system could cause a financial statement error not to be detected. We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system (“ERP”). The ERP is designed to enhance functionality and provide timely information to the company's management team related to the operation of the business. The ERP implementation process has required, and likely will continue to require the investment of significant human and financial resources. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP without experiencing delays, increased costs and other difficulties. If we are unable to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. The possibility exists that the migration to a new ERP system could adversely affect the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. We are exposed to the risk of natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks, global political events, war and terrorism that could disrupt business and result in lower sales, increased operating costs and capital expenditures. Our headquarters, store locations and distribution centers, as well as certain of our vendors and customers, are located in areas which have been and could be subject to natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, fires or earthquakes. Adverse weather conditions or other extreme changes in the weather, including resulting electrical and technological failures, may disrupt our business and may adversely affect our ability to sell and distribute products. For example, as a result of Superstorm Sandy in October 2012, we experienced closures in the majority of our stores open at that time. In addition, we operate in markets that may be susceptible to pandemic outbreaks or terrorist acts, and our operations may be affected by disruptive global political events, such as civil unrest in countries in which our vendors are located or products are manufactured. Our business may be harmed if our ability to sell and distribute products is impacted by any such events, any of which could influence customer trends and purchases and may negatively impact our net sales, properties or operations. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of some or all of our stores or distribution centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, temporary or long-term disruption in the transport of goods, decreases in transportation capacity, increases in transportation costs, delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers or stores, disruption of our technology support or information systems, or fuel shortages or dramatic increases in fuel prices, which increase the cost of doing business. These events also can have indirect consequences such as increases in the costs of insurance if they result in significant loss of property or other insurable damage. Any of these factors, or combination thereof, could adversely affect our operations. 25 Changes to federal, state or provincial income tax legislation could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. From time to time, new tax legislation is adopted by the federal government and various states or other regulatory bodies. Significant changes in tax legislation could adversely affect our business or results of operations in a material way. On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "TCJA"). The changes included in the TCJA are broad and complex. The final transition impacts of the TCJA may differ from the estimates provided elsewhere in this report, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations of the TCJA, any legislative action to address questions that arise because of the TCJA, any changes in accounting standards for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the TCJA, or any updates or changes to estimates we have utilized to calculate the transition impacts, including impacts from changes to current year earnings estimates. As these and other tax laws and related regulations change, our financial results could be materially impacted. Given the unpredictability of possible changes and their potential interdependency, it is very difficult to assess whether the overall effect of such potential tax changes would be cumulatively positive or negative for our earnings and cash flow, but such changes could adversely impact our financial results. Current economic conditions and other economic factors could adversely impact our financial performance and other aspects of our business in various respects. Weakness in the U.S. economy or other economic factors affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels, inflation, business conditions, fuel and energy costs, natural disasters, terrorist activities, consumer debt levels, lack of available credit, interest rates, tax rates and reform, and erosion in consumer confidence may affect our business adversely. Such factors could reduce overall consumer spending, and discretionary spending in particular, or cause customers to shift their spending to products other than those sold by us or to products sold by us that are less profitable than other product choices, all of which could result in lower net sales, decreases in inventory turnover or a reduction in profitability due to lower margins. We have limited or no ability to control many of these factors. Global economic uncertainty, the impact of recessions and the potential for failures or realignments of financial institutions and the related impact on available credit may impact us, our vendors and other business partners, our landlords, our customers, our service providers and our operations in an adverse manner. In addition, economic downturns may make it difficult for us to accurately forecast future demand trends, which could cause us to purchase excess inventories, resulting in increases in our inventory carrying cost, or insufficient inventories, resulting in our inability to satisfy our customer demand and potential loss of market share. Changes in state or federal legislation or regulations, or becoming subject to new regulations as our operations expand, could increase our cost of doing business. Our business is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. The current political environment, financial reform legislation, regulatory reform and stockholder activism may result in substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations and/or changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations, which may lead to additional compliance costs as well as the diversion of our management's time and attention from strategic initiatives. In addition, changes in safety and quality requirements related to products and food (including changes in labeling or disclosure requirements), federal or state wage requirements, employee rights (including changes in the process for our employees to join a union), health care, social welfare or entitlement programs such as health insurance, paid leave programs, or other changes in workplace regulation or tax laws could adversely impact our ability to achieve our financial targets. Changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, or environmental regulation may result in significant added expenses or may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement and/or could materially increase our costs of doing business. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to legal risk, including government enforcement action, significant fines and penalties and class action litigation, as well as reputational damage, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, the expansion of our operations into California requires us to comply with a number of additional regulations. For example, California currently enforces legislation commonly referred to as "Proposition 65" that requires that "clear and reasonable" warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. Although we will seek to comply with the requirements of Proposition 65, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by litigation or other actions relating to Proposition 65 or future legislation that is similar or related thereto. Also, the Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 in California requires us to audit our vendors with respect to risks of human trafficking and slavery and mitigate these risks in our operations. Any failure to disclose issues or other non-compliance could subject us to action by the California Attorney General or other regulatory authorities. Increased compliance costs associated with operating in California could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 26 Changes in accounting standards could significantly affect our results of operations and the presentation of those results. Changes in accounting standards, including new interpretations and applications of accounting standards, may have adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. The Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") have issued and/or adopted new pronouncements that proposes numerous significant changes to current accounting standards. These new standards could significantly change the presentation of financial information and our results of operations. Additionally, the new standards may require us to make systems and other changes that increase our operating costs. For example, in February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases." ASU 2016-02, which required, among other things, that lease arrangements longer than 12 months result in an entity recognizing an asset and a liability. We established a cross-functional team to implement the standard in 2019. This included certain changes to our business processes and controls. The adoption of this standard resulted in a significant increase in total assets and total liabilities on our balance sheet given that we have a significant number of leases for our stores. Our current insurance programs may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance. Our insurance coverage is subject to deductibles, limits of liability and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on our overall operations. We may incur certain types of losses that we cannot insure or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to acts of war, employee and certain other crime, and some natural disasters. If we incur these losses and they are material, our business could suffer. Certain material events may result in sizable losses for the insurance industry and adversely impact the availability of adequate insurance coverage or result in excessive premium increases. To offset negative cost trends in the insurance market, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher deductibles or reduce the amount of coverage in response to these market changes. In addition, because of ongoing changes in healthcare law, among other things, we may experience an increase in participation in our group health insurance programs, which may lead to a greater number of medical claims. If we experience a greater number of these losses than we anticipate, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, consumers, vendors, competitors, intellectual property rights holders, shareholders, government agencies and others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. For example, we and certain of our current and former officers had been parties to a securities class action lawsuit against us, which was dismissed. The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, regulatory actions and intellectual property claims, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these lawsuits, if decided against us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our consolidated financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operation are required. The cost to defend litigation may be significant. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. If we are unable to enforce our intellectual property rights, if we are accused of infringing a third party’s intellectual property rights, or if the merchandise we purchase from brand partners is alleged to have infringed a third party’s intellectual property rights, our business or results of operations may be adversely affected. Our future success and competitive position depend in part on our ability to maintain and protect our brand. We currently own various intellectual property rights in the United States that differentiate us from our competitors, including our trademarks, such as the “Five Below®,” “Ten Below®” and “Five Below Hot Stuff. Cool Prices®” marks. We also own domain names, including www.fivebelow.com, and unregistered copyrights in our website content. We currently rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade dress and unfair competition laws to establish and protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, but the steps we take to protect such rights may be inadequate to prevent infringement of our trademarks and proprietary rights by others. Such unauthorized use of our trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights may cause significant damage to our brands and have an adverse effect on our business. The loss or reduction of any of our significant intellectual property or proprietary rights could have an adverse effect on our business. 27 Additionally, third parties may assert claims against us alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violations of their intellectual property or other proprietary rights, whether or not the claims have merit. Such claims could be time consuming and expensive to defend, may divert management’s attention and resources, and could harm our brand image. Defending against any such claims could have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations and cause us to incur significant litigation costs and expenses. In addition, resolution of such claims may require us to pay substantial damages with respect to past sales and to cease using the relevant intellectual property or other rights and to cease selling the allegedly infringing products, which in turn would result in our loss of the revenues and profits associated with the ongoing sale of such products, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Alternatively, with respect to any third party intellectual property that we use or wish to use in our business (whether or not asserted against us in litigation), we could be required to license the applicable intellectual property rights from third parties, and we may not be able to enter into licensing or other arrangements with the owner of such intellectual property at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms. We purchase merchandise from vendors that may be subject to copyrights or patents, or that may otherwise incorporate protected intellectual property. We do not manufacture any of the merchandise we purchase from our vendors for sale to our customers and we do not routinely independently investigate whether our manufacturing partners hold intellectual property rights to merchandise that they are manufacturing or distributing. As a result, we rely upon the vendors’ representations and indemnifications set forth in our purchase orders and supplier agreements concerning their right to sell us the products that we purchase from them. If a third party claims to have rights with respect to merchandise we purchased from a vendor, or if we acquire unlicensed merchandise, we could be required to remove such merchandise from our stores, resulting in our loss of the revenues and profits associated with the ongoing sale of such products. In addition, we could incur costs associated with destruction of such merchandise if the vendor is unwilling or unable to reimburse us, and be subject to liability under various civil and criminal causes of action, including actions to recover unpaid royalties and other damages and injunctions. Although our purchase orders and agreements with vendors generally require the vendor to indemnify us against such claims, a vendor may not have the financial resources to defend itself or us against such claims, in which case we may have to pay the costs and expenses associated with defending such claims. Any of these results could harm our brand image and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations as well as our growth. Product and food safety claims and the effects of legislation and regulations on product safety and quality and food safety and quality could affect our sales and results of operations adversely. We may be subject to product liability claims from customers or actions brought or penalties assessed by government agencies relating to products, including food products that are recalled, defective or otherwise alleged to be harmful. Such claims may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling and transportation phases. All of our vendors and their products are contractually required to comply with applicable product and food safety laws. We generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from our vendors. However, if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification and/or insurance available, such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to obtain indemnification from foreign vendors may be hindered by the manufacturers’ lack of understanding of U.S., state-specific or local product liability or other laws, which may make it more likely that we be required to respond to claims or complaints from customers as if we were the manufacturer of the products. Even with adequate insurance and indemnification, such claims could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in our products. Our litigation expenses could increase as well, which also could have a materially negative impact on our results of operations even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued. Furthermore, if our vendors are unable or unwilling to recall products failing to meet standards, we may be required to recall those products at a substantial cost to us. We purchase a portion of our products on a closeout basis. Some of these products are obtained through brokers or intermediaries rather than through manufacturers. The closeout nature of a portion of our products sometimes makes it more difficult for us to investigate all aspects of these products. We attempt to assure compliance and to test products when appropriate, and we seek to obtain indemnification through our vendors or to be listed as an additional insured, but there is no assurance that these efforts will be successful. Our ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if needed, could be adversely affected by volatility in the capital markets. We obtain and manage liquidity from the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities, our access to capital markets and our revolving credit facility. There is no assurance that our ability to obtain additional financing from financial institutions or through the capital markets, if needed, will not be adversely impacted by economic conditions. Tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity and volatility in the capital markets could result in diminished availability of credit, higher cost of borrowing and lack of confidence in the equity market, making it more difficult to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable to us. 28 The terms of our revolving credit facility may restrict our current and future operations, which could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business and to manage our operations. Our revolving credit facility contains, and any additional debt financing we may incur would likely contain, covenants requiring us to maintain or adhere to certain financial ratios or limits and covenants that restrict our operations, which may include limitations on our ability to, among other things: • incur additional indebtedness; • pay dividends and make certain distributions, investments and other restricted payments; • create certain liens or encumbrances; • enter into transactions with our affiliates; • redeem our common stock; and • engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions. Complying with these covenants could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business and manage our operations. In addition, these covenants could affect our ability to invest capital in our new stores and fund capital expenditures for existing stores. Our ability to comply with these covenants and other provisions in the revolving credit facility and any future debt instruments may be affected by changes in our operating and financial performance, changes in general business and economic conditions, adverse regulatory developments, or other events beyond our control. A failure by us to comply with the financial ratios and restrictive covenants contained in our revolving credit facility and any future debt instruments could result in an event of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be due and payable and exercise other remedies as set forth in our revolving credit facility and any future debt instruments. In addition, if we are in default, we may be unable to borrow additional amounts under any such facilities to the extent that they would otherwise be available and our ability to obtain future financing may also be impacted negatively. If the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and any future debt instruments were to be accelerated, our future financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Regulations related to conflict minerals could adversely impact our business. The Securities and Exchange Commission has promulgated final rules mandated by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act regarding disclosure of the use of tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold, known as conflict minerals, included in components of products either manufactured by public companies or for which public companies have contracted to manufacture. These new rules require due diligence to determine whether such minerals originated from the Democratic Republic of Congo (the “DRC”) or an adjoining country and whether such minerals helped finance the armed conflict in the DRC. While we do not manufacture products, we may in the future contract to manufacture products. Accordingly, there will be costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including costs to determine the origin of conflict minerals used in any products we are deemed to contract to manufacture. In addition, the implementation of these rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. Also, we may face reputational challenges if the due diligence procedures we implement do not enable us to verify the origins for all conflict minerals or to determine that such minerals are DRC conflict-free. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. An active, liquid and orderly market for our common stock may not be sustained, which could depress the trading price of our common stock. In addition, broad market and industry factors, most of which we cannot control, may harm the price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Factors that could cause fluctuation in the price of our common stock may include, among other things: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in quarterly operating results or other operating metrics, such as comparable sales, that may be used by the investment community; • changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; • speculation about our business in the press or the investment community; • conditions or trends affecting our industry or the economy generally; • stock market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that are in the retail industry; 29 • announcements by us or our competitors of new product offerings, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; • our entry into new markets; • timing of new store openings; • percentage of sales from new stores versus established stores; • additions or departures of key personnel; • actual or anticipated sales of our common stock, including sales by our directors, officers or significant shareholders; • significant developments relating to our relationships with business partners, vendors and distributors; • customer purchases of new products from us and our competitors; • investor perceptions of the retail industry in general and our Company in particular; • major catastrophic events; • volatility in our stock price, which may lead to higher share-based compensation expense under applicable accounting standards; and • changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles, for example, the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) ASU 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting," which involves employee share-based payment accounting and the volatility of the effective tax rate. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. For example, we and certain of our current and former senior officers had been parties to a securities class action lawsuit filed against us, which was dismissed. This type of litigation, even if it does not result in liability for us, could result in substantial costs to us and divert management's attention and resources. Your percentage ownership in us may be diluted by future equity issuances, which could reduce your influence over matters on which shareholders vote. Our board of directors has the authority, without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock, including shares issuable upon the exercise of options, shares issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units or performance-based restricted stock units, shares that may be issued to satisfy our obligations under our equity incentive plan or shares of our authorized but unissued preferred stock. We initially reserved 7,600,000 shares of common stock under our equity incentive plan for future issuances and, as of February 1, 2020 , 839,043 shares of our common stock are issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding, the vesting of restricted stock units and the vesting of performance-based restricted stock units under that plan. We also initially reserved 500,000 shares of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan for future issuances, and as of February 1, 2020 , 29,349 shares of our common stock have been issued under that plan. Exercises of these options or issuances of common stock or preferred stock could reduce your influence over matters on which our shareholders vote and, in the case of issuances of preferred stock, likely could result in your interest in us being subject to the prior rights of holders of that preferred stock. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. For the foreseeable future, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, including under agreements for indebtedness we may incur, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, if you purchase shares, realization of a gain on your investment will depend on the appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends in the foreseeable future should not purchase our common stock. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or continue to publish or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our Company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if our operating results do not meet the expectations of the investor community, or one or more of the analysts who cover our Company downgrade our stock, our stock price could decline. 30 Anti-takeover provisions could delay and discourage takeover attempts that shareholders may consider to be favorable. Certain provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and applicable provisions of Pennsylvania law may make it more difficult or impossible for a third party to acquire control of us or effect a change in our board of directors and management. In particular, these provisions, among other things: • provide that only the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or a majority of the board of directors may call special meetings of the shareholders; • classify our board of directors into three separate classes with staggered terms; • provide for supermajority approval requirements for amending or repealing provisions in our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws; • establish certain advance notice procedures for nominations of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders’ meetings; and • permit the board of directors, without further action of the shareholders, to issue and fix the terms of preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of the common stock. In addition, anti-takeover provisions in Pennsylvania law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us. These provisions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could reduce the amount that shareholders might receive if we are sold. For example, Pennsylvania law may restrict a third party's ability to obtain control of us and may prevent shareholders from receiving a premium for their shares of our common stock. Pennsylvania law also provides that our shareholders are not entitled by statute to propose amendments to our amended and restated articles of incorporation. These and other provisions of Pennsylvania law and our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could delay, defer or prevent us from experiencing a change of control or changes in our board of directors and management and may adversely affect our shareholders' voting and other rights. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors and management could deter potential acquirers or prevent the completion of a transaction in which our shareholders could receive a substantial premium over the then current market price for their shares of our common stock.