Item 1A. Risk Factors 6 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 14 Item 2. Properties 14 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 15 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 15 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 16 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 17 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 35 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 36 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 36 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 36 Item 9B. Other Information 40 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 40 Item 11. Executive Compensation 40 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 40 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 40 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 40 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 41 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 41 SIGNATURES 42 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 EXHIBITS Disclosure Regarding Forward-looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terms such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “continues,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “pro forma,” “seeks,” “should,” “will” or similar expressions. These statements are only predictions based on current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Form 10-K, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this Form 10-K, except as required by law. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors,” which are incorporated herein by reference. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in this Form 10-K. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General GameStop Corp. (“GameStop,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company”) is a global, multichannel video game and licensed consumer products retailer. We operate over 5,800 stores across 14 countries. Our consumer product network also includes www.gamestop.com; Game Informer® magazine, the world's leading print and digital video game publication; and ThinkGeek, www.thinkgeek.com, the premier retailer for the global geek community featuring exclusive and unique video game and pop culture products, and Simply Mac, which sells the full line of Apple products, including laptops, tablets, and smartphones and offers Apple certified warranty and repair services. We are a Delaware corporation which, through a predecessor, began operations as a specialty retailer of video games in November 1996. Our corporate office is located in Grapevine, Texas. Our fiscal year is composed of the 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Saturday closest to the last day of January. Fiscal year 2018 consisted of the 52 weeks ended on February 2, 2019 ("fiscal 2018 "). Fiscal year 2017 consisted of the 53 weeks ended on February 3, 2018 ("fiscal 2017 ") and fiscal year 2016 consisted of the 52 weeks ended on January 28, 2017 ("fiscal 2016 "). Divestiture of Spring Mobile On January 16, 2019, we completed the sale of the Spring Mobile business to Prime Communications, L.P. for cash proceeds of $727.9 million , net of transaction costs and preliminary adjustments. The Spring Mobile business operated over 1,200 AT&T branded wireless retail stores that sold AT&T services and wireless products. See Note 2, "Discontinued Operations and Dispositions," to the consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Annual Report") for further information. Unless otherwise noted, information in this Annual Report excludes our former Spring Mobile business. Reportable Segments We operate our business in four geographic segments: United States, Canada, Australia and Europe. Each segment consists primarily of retail operations, with the significant majority of our stores engaged in the sale of new and pre-owned video game systems, software and accessories. As of February 2, 2019 , we had a total of 5,830 stores across all of our segments; United States ( 3,846 ), Canada ( 311 ), Australia ( 462 ) and Europe ( 1,211 ). Our video game brands operate primarily under the names GameStop TM (“GameStop”), EB Games TM (“EB Games”) and Micromania. We operate e-commerce sites under the brand names of GameStop, EB Games, Micromania and ThinkGeek. Our video game brands stores sell various types of digital products, including downloadable content, network points cards, prepaid digital, prepaid subscription cards and digitally downloadable software and also sell collectible products. 1 Our segments also include 103 pop culture themed stores selling collectibles, apparel, gadgets, electronics, toys and other retail products for technology enthusiasts and general consumers, with 62 collectibles stores in international markets operating under the Zing Pop Culture brand and 41 stores in the United States operating under the ThinkGeek brand. Our video game brands also include Game Informer TM (“Game Informer”) magazine, the world's leading print and digital video game publication. Our former Technology Brands segment had been comprised of Spring Mobile, Simply Mac and Cricket Wireless branded stores ("Cricket Wireless"). Cricket Wireless was sold in January 2018 and Spring Mobile was sold in January 2019. Simply Mac and the historical results of Cricket Wireless are reported in the United States segment in this Annual Report. The historical results of Spring Mobile, including the gain on sale, are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented in this Annual Report. Simply Mac operates 43 Simply Mac© branded stores which sell Apple products, including desktop computers, laptops, tablets and smart phones and related accessories and other consumer electronic products. Financial information about our segments is included in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 16, "Segment Information," of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Market Size Based upon estimates compiled by various market research firms, including NPD Group, Inc. ("NPD"), International Development Group ("IDG") and DFC Intelligence ("DFC"), we estimate that the market for new physical video game products was approximately $18 billion in 2018 in the countries in which we operate. This estimated market excludes sales of pre-owned video game products, which are not currently measured by any third-party research firms. Additionally, based on estimates compiled by various market research firms, we estimate that the market in North America for content in digital format (full-game and add-on content downloads for console and PC, subscriptions, mobile games and social network games) was between $25 billion and $32 billion in 2018 . Merchandise We categorize our sale of products and services as follows: • New Video Game Hardware. We offer video game platforms from the major manufacturers. The current generation of consoles include the Sony PlayStation 4 (2013), Microsoft Xbox One (2013) and the Nintendo Switch (March 2017). In 2016, Sony and Microsoft released refreshes to the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, respectively. In November 2017, Microsoft released a further enhanced version of its current generation console, the Xbox One X. We also offer extended service agreements. Video game hardware sales are generally driven by the introduction of new platform technology and the reduction in price points as platforms mature. • New Video Game Software. We offer new video game software for current and certain prior generation consoles from the leading manufacturers, including Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft, as well as all other major third-party game publishers, such as Electronic Arts and Activision Blizzard. We are one of the largest retailers of video game titles sold by these publishers. We carry new video game software across a variety of genres, including sports, action, strategy, adventure/role playing and simulation. • Pre-owned and Value Video Game Products. We provide our customers with an opportunity to trade in their pre-owned video game products in our stores in exchange for store credits which can be applied towards the purchase of other products, primarily new merchandise. We believe this process drives our higher market share, particularly at launch. We resell these pre-owned video game products and have the largest selection of pre-owned video game titles. In the U.S., pre-owned video game software titles have an average price of $17, compared to an average price of $48 for new video game software titles, and generate significantly higher gross margins than new video game products. Our trade-in program also allows us to be one of the only suppliers of previous generation platforms and related video games. We also operate refurbishment centers in the United States, Canada, Australia and Europe, where defective video game products can be tested, repaired, relabeled, repackaged and redistributed back to our stores. • Video Game Accessories. Video game accessories consist primarily of controllers, gaming headsets, virtual reality products, memory cards and other add-ons for use with video game hardware and software. • Digital. The proliferation of online game play through Microsoft Xbox Live, the PlayStation Network and PC gaming websites has led to consumer demand for subscription, time and points cards (“digital currency”) as well as full-game downloads and digitally downloadable content (“DLC”), for existing console video games. We sell a wide variety of digital currency, and we have developed technology to sell DLC and full-game downloads in our stores and on our U.S. website. We believe we are the worldwide leading retailer of digital currency and DLC for Xbox Live and the PlayStation Network. • Collectibles . Collectibles consist of licensed merchandise, primarily related to the video game, television and movie industries and pop culture themes which are sold through our video game stores, ThinkGeek stores, Zing Pop Culture stores and www.thinkgeek.com. 2 • Other Products. Other products primarily consist of PC entertainment software, gaming-related print media, mobile and consumer electronics, and revenues from PowerUp Pro loyalty members receiving Game Informer magazine in print form. We offer PC entertainment software from many of the largest PC publishers, including Electronic Arts, Take Two and Activision Blizzard across a variety of genres, including sports, action, strategy, adventure/role playing and simulation. We also carry strategy guides, magazines and interactive game figures, such as Amiibos from Nintendo. Store Operations We design our video game stores to provide an electronic gaming atmosphere with an engaging and visually captivating layout, with an average size of 1,700 square feet. Our video game stores are typically equipped with several video game sampling areas, which provide our customers the opportunity to play games before purchase, as well as equipment to play video game clips. We use store configuration, in-store signage and product demonstrations to produce marketing opportunities both for our vendors and for us. Our stores are generally located in high-traffic “power strip centers,” local neighborhood strip centers, high-traffic shopping malls and pedestrian areas, primarily in major metropolitan areas. These locations provide easy access and high frequency of visits and, in the case of strip centers and high-traffic pedestrian stores, high visibility. We target strip centers that are conveniently located, have a mass merchant or supermarket anchor tenant and have a high volume of customers. Site Selection and Locations Site Selection. Site selections for new stores are made after an extensive review of demographic data, including data from our PowerUp Rewards loyalty program, and other information relating to market potential, competitor access and visibility, compatible nearby tenants, accessible parking, location visibility, lease terms and the location of our other stores. In each of our segments, we have a dedicated staff of real estate personnel experienced in selecting store locations. Domestic Locations. The table below sets forth the number and locations of our domestic stores included in the United States segment as of February 2, 2019 : Alabama 61 Kentucky 71 North Dakota 8 Alaska 6 Louisiana 61 Ohio 169 Arizona 73 Maine 11 Oklahoma 48 Arkansas 31 Maryland 83 Oregon 41 California 374 Massachusetts 78 Pennsylvania 179 Colorado 58 Michigan 101 Rhode Island 12 Connecticut 47 Minnesota 44 South Carolina 68 Delaware 15 Mississippi 44 South Dakota 11 Florida 242 Missouri 66 Tennessee 94 Georgia 137 Montana 12 Texas 374 Guam 2 Nebraska 21 Utah 32 Hawaii 17 Nevada 38 Vermont 4 Idaho 17 New Hampshire 26 Virginia 121 Illinois 143 New Jersey 114 Washington 76 Indiana 94 New Mexico 25 West Virginia 29 Iowa 31 New York 211 Wisconsin 56 Kansas 31 North Carolina 131 Wyoming 8 Total Domestic Stores 3,846 3 International Locations. The table below sets forth the number and locations of our international stores included in the Video Game Brands segments in Canada, Europe and Australia as of February 2, 2019 : Number of Stores Canada 311 Total Stores - Canada Video Game Brands 311 Australia 419 New Zealand 43 Total Stores - Australia Video Game Brands 462 Austria 25 Denmark 34 Finland 16 France 420 Germany 208 Ireland 50 Italy 361 Norway 28 Sweden 52 Switzerland 17 Total Stores - Europe Video Game Brands 1,211 Total International Stores 1,984 Total Stores 5,830 PowerUp Rewards We operate loyalty programs in each of the countries in which we operate our Video Game Brands stores. Our U.S. loyalty program, called PowerUp Rewards TM ("PowerUp Rewards"), had approximately 39.6 million members as of February 2, 2019 , of which approximately 16.2 million members have purchased at GameStop in the past year. The PowerUp Rewards membership totals also include 5.6 million paying members and 20.5 million members that we market to on a regular basis. Our loyalty programs in our video game stores in the remaining countries had approximately 20.9 million members as of February 2, 2019 . Our loyalty programs generally offer our customers the ability to sign up for a free or paid membership which gives our customers access to exclusive video game related rewards. The programs' paid memberships may also include a subscription to Game Informer magazine, additional discounts on pre-owned merchandise in our stores and additional credit on trade-ins of pre-owned products. Game Informer We publish Game Informer , the world’s largest print and digital video game publication and website featuring reviews of new title releases, game tips and news regarding current developments in the video game industry. Print and digital versions of the monthly magazine are sold through subscriptions, digitally and through displays in our domestic and international stores. Game Informer magazine is the fifth largest consumer publication in the U.S. and for its December 2018 issue, the magazine had approximately 6.6 million paid subscribers, including more than 2.1 million paid digital magazine subscribers. The digital version of the magazine is the largest subscription digital magazine in the United States. Game Informer is a part of the PowerUp Rewards Pro loyalty program and is a key feature of each paid PowerUp Rewards membership. Operating results from the English version of Game Informer are included in the United States segment as this represents where the majority of subscriptions and sales are generated. Other international version results from Game Informer operations are included in the segment in which the sales are generated. Vendors We purchase substantially all of our new products worldwide from approximately 100 manufacturers, software publishers and several distributors. Purchases from the top ten vendors in our Video Game Brands segments accounted for approximately 78% of our new product purchases in fiscal 2018 . Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, Take-Two Interactive and Activision Blizzard accounted for 23% , 22% , 10% , 6% and 4% , respectively, of our new product purchases in our video game brands during fiscal 2018 . We have established price protections with our primary video game product vendors in order to reduce our risk of inventory obsolescence. 4 In addition, we have few purchase contracts with video game trade vendors and generally conduct business on an order-by-order basis, a practice that is typical throughout the industry. We purchase collectibles merchandise from a broad base of domestic and international vendors. We believe that maintaining and strengthening our long-term relationships with our vendors is essential to our operations and continued expansion. We believe that we have very good relationships with our vendors. Distribution and Information Management Our operating strategy involves providing a broad merchandise selection to our customers as quickly and as cost-effectively as possible. We use our distribution facilities and inventory management systems to maximize the efficiency of the flow of products to our stores, enhance store efficiency and optimize store in-stock and overall investment in inventory. Competition The video game industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent new product introductions. We compete with mass merchants and regional chains; computer product and consumer electronics stores; other video game and PC software specialty stores; toy retail chains; direct sales by software publishers; the online environments operated by Sony (PlayStation Network), Microsoft (XBox Live), Nintendo (Nintendo Switch Online), as well as other online retailers and game rental companies. Video game products are also distributed through other methods such as digital delivery. We also compete with sellers of pre-owned and value video game products. Additionally, we compete with other forms of entertainment activities, including casual and mobile games, movies, television, theater, sporting events and family entertainment centers. In the U.S., we compete with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Wal-Mart”); Target Corporation (“Target”); Amazon.com, Inc. (“Amazon.com”); and Best Buy Co., Inc. (“Best Buy”), among others. Throughout Europe we compete with Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, and major consumer electronics retailers such as Media Markt, Saturn and FNAC, major hypermarket chains like Carrefour and Auchan, and online retailer Amazon.com. Competitors in Canada include Wal-Mart and Best Buy. In Australia, competitors include K-Mart, Target and JB HiFi stores. Seasonality Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with the major portion of our sales and operating profit realized during the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling season. During fiscal 2018 and 2017 , we generated approximately 37% and 39% , respectively, of our sales during the fourth quarter. Trademarks We have a number of trademarks and servicemarks, including “GameStop,” “Game Informer,” “EB Games,” “Electronics Boutique,” “ThinkGeek,” “Zing Pop Culture,” “Power to the Players TM ” and “PowerUp Rewards,” which have been registered by us with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. For many of our trademarks and servicemarks, including “Micromania,” we also have registered or have registrations pending with the trademark authorities throughout the world. We maintain a policy of pursuing registration of our principal marks and opposing any infringement of our marks. Employees We have approximately 16,000 full-time salaried and hourly employees and between 23,000 and 45,000 part-time hourly employees worldwide, depending on the time of year. Fluctuation in the number of part-time hourly employees is due to the seasonality of our business. We believe that our relationship with our employees is excellent. Some of our international employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, while none of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union or are members of a collective bargaining unit. Sustainability We are committed to sustainability and to operating our business in a manner that results in a positive impact to the environment and our communities. Through our trade-in program, we take in software (CDs), gaming consoles and consumer electronics that are otherwise destined for landfills and either refurbish them or recycle them. In 2018 alone, through our U.S. refurbishment center, the company refurbished over five million pieces of software (CDs) and over three million consumer electronic devices, and recycled over 2.7 million pounds of e-waste. In addition, we continuously measure, and look for cost-effective ways to reduce, our carbon emissions and have seen both our total emissions and emissions by store decrease over the past seven years. See the Social Responsibility section of our corporate website (http://news.gamestop.com) for further information on our sustainability efforts. We are not incorporating by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K information or materials contained on our website or that can be accessed through our website. 5 Available Information We make available on our corporate website (http://news.gamestop.com), under “Investor Relations — Financial Information,” free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like GameStop, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. In addition to copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, our Code of Standards, Ethics and Conduct is available on our website under “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance” and is available to our stockholders in print, free of charge, upon written request to the Investor Relations Department at GameStop Corp., 625 Westport Parkway, Grapevine, Texas 76051. The contents of our corporate website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any other report we file, with, or furnish to, the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our company involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks below, together with the other information contained in this report, before you make an investment decision with respect to our company. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we consider immaterial, may also impair our business operations. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, and could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock and the value of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business Economic conditions in the U.S. and in certain international markets could adversely affect demand for the products we sell. Sales of our products involve discretionary spending by consumers. Consumers are typically more likely to make discretionary purchases, including purchasing video game products, when there are favorable economic conditions. Consumer spending may be affected by many economic factors outside of the Company's control. Some of these factors include consumer disposable income levels, consumer confidence in current and future economic conditions, levels of employment, consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels, inflation, political conditions and the effect of weather, natural disasters, and civil disturbances. These and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products, which may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. The video game industry has historically been cyclical and is affected by the introduction of next-generation consoles, which could negatively impact the demand for existing products or our pre-owned business. The video game industry has historically been cyclical in nature in response to the introduction and maturation of new technology. Following the introduction of new video game platforms, sales of these platforms and related software and accessories generally increase due to initial demand, while sales of older platforms and related products generally decrease as customers migrate toward the new platforms. In addition, the features of new consoles or changes to the existing generations of consoles, including any future restrictions or conditions or the ability to play prior generation video games on such consoles, may adversely affect our pre-owned business. The current generation console cycle began when Sony and Microsoft launched the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in November 2013. Nintendo introduced the Nintendo Switch in March 2017. If the current video game platforms do not continue to be successful, our sales of video game products could decline. The introduction of new iterations or generations of consoles could negatively impact the demand for existing products or our pre-owned business, which could have a negative impact on results of operations and financial condition. We depend upon the timely delivery of new and innovative products from our vendors. We depend on manufacturers and publishers to deliver video game hardware, software, and consumer electronics in quantities sufficient to meet customer demand. In addition, we depend on these manufacturers and publishers to introduce new and innovative products and software titles to drive industry sales. We have experienced sales declines in the past due to a reduction in the number of new software titles available for sale. Any material delay in the introduction or delivery, or limited allocations, of hardware platforms or software titles could result in reduced sales. 6 If we fail to keep pace with changing industry technology and consumer preferences, we will be at a competitive disadvantage. The interactive entertainment industry is characterized by swiftly changing technology, evolving industry standards, frequent new and enhanced product introductions, rapidly changing consumer preferences and product obsolescence. Video games are now played on a wide variety of mediums, including mobile phones, tablets, social networking websites and other devices. The popularity of browser, mobile and social gaming has increased greatly and this popularity is expected to continue to grow. Browser, mobile and social gaming is accessed through hardware other than the consoles and traditional hand-held video game devices we currently sell. In order to continue to compete effectively in the video game industry, we need to respond quickly to technological changes and to understand their impact on our customers’ preferences. It may take significant time and resources to respond to these technological changes and changes in consumer preferences. Our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we fail to keep pace with these changes. Technological advances in the delivery and types of video games and PC entertainment software, as well as changes in consumer behavior related to these new technologies, could lower our sales. The current consoles from Sony, Nintendo, and Microsoft have facilitated download technology. In addition, disc-less consoles may be available to consumers in the near term from certain manufacturers. Downloading of video game content to the current generation video game systems continues to grow and take an increasing percentage of new video game sales. If consumers' preference for downloading video game content continues to increase or these consoles and other advances in technology continue to expand our customers’ ability to access and download the current format of video games and incremental content for their games through these and other sources, our customers may no longer choose to purchase video games in our stores or reduce their purchases in favor of other forms of game delivery. As a result, our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. Our sales of collectibles depend on popularity of and trends in pop culture, and our ability to react to them. Our sales of collectibles are heavily dependent upon the continued demand by our customers for collectibles, apparel, toys, gadgets, electronics and other retail products for pop culture and technology enthusiasts. The popularity of such products is often driven by movies, television shows, music, fashion and other pop culture influences. The market for, and appeal of, particular types of music, movies, television shows, artists, actors, styles, trends and brands are constantly changing. Our failure to anticipate, identify and react appropriately to changing trends and preferences of customers could lead to, among other things, excess inventories and higher markdowns. There can be no assurance that the collectibles and related products that we sell will appeal to our customers. We depend on licensed products for a substantial portion of our sales of collectibles and our inability to maintain such licenses and obtain new licensed products would adversely affect our sales of collectibles. We license from others the rights to sell certain of our collectibles and many of these products contain a third party’s trademarks, designs and other intellectual property. If we are unable to maintain current licenses or obtain new licensed products with comparable consumer demand, our sales of collectibles would decline. Furthermore, we may not be able to prevent a licensor from choosing not to renew a license with us and/or from licensing a product to one of our competitors. Our ability to obtain favorable terms from our suppliers may impact our financial results. Our financial results depend significantly upon the business terms we can obtain from our suppliers, including competitive prices, unsold product return policies, advertising and market development allowances, freight charges and payment terms. We purchase substantially all of our products directly from manufacturers, software publishers and, in some cases, distributors. Our largest vendors are Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, Take-Two Interactive and Activision Blizzard, which accounted for 23% , 22% , 10% , 6% and 4% , respectively, of our new product purchases in fiscal 2018 . If our suppliers do not provide us with favorable business terms, we may not be able to offer products to our customers at competitive prices. If our vendors fail to provide marketing and merchandising support at historical levels, our sales and earnings could be negatively impacted. The manufacturers of video game hardware and software have typically provided retailers with significant marketing and merchandising support for their products. As part of this support, we receive cooperative advertising and market development payments from these vendors which enable us to actively promote and merchandise the products we sell and drive sales at our stores and on our websites. We cannot assure you that vendors will continue to provide this support at historical levels. If they fail to do so, our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. 7 Pressure from our competitors may force us to reduce our prices or increase spending, which could decrease our profitability. The retail environment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent new product introductions. We compete with mass merchants and regional chains, including Wal-Mart and Target; computer product and consumer electronics stores, including Best Buy; internet-based retailers such as Amazon.com; other U.S. and international video game and PC software specialty stores located in malls and other locations, such as Carrefour and Media Markt; toy retail chains; direct sales by software publishers; the online environments operated by Sony (PlayStation Network), Microsoft (XBox Live), Nintendo (Nintendo Switch Online), as well as other online retailers and game rental companies. Some of our competitors have longer operating histories and may have greater financial resources than we do or other advantages. In addition, video game products and content are increasingly being digitally distributed and new competitors built to take advantage of these new capabilities are entering the marketplace, and other methods may emerge in the future. We also compete with other sellers of pre-owned video game products and other PC software distribution companies, including Steam. Certain of our mass-merchant competitors are expanding in the market for new and pre-owned video games through aggressive pricing which may negatively affect our margins, sales and earnings for these products. Additionally, we compete with other forms of entertainment activities, including browser, social and mobile games, movies, television, theater, sporting events and family entertainment centers. If we lose customers to our competitors, or if we reduce our prices or increase our spending to maintain our customers, we may be less profitable. Failure to attract and retain executive officers and other key personnel could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our success depends upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain a highly trained and engaged workforce, including key executives, management for our stores and skilled merchandising, marketing, financial and administrative personnel. The turnover rate in the retail industry is relatively high, and there is an ongoing need to recruit and train new store employees. Factors that affect our ability to maintain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, unemployment rates, competition from other employers and our ability to offer appropriate compensation packages. Our inability to recruit a sufficient number of qualified individuals or our failure to retain key executive officers and other employees in the future may have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our customers. Our continued success depends upon customers' perception of our Company. Any negative publicity relating to our vendors, products, practices or our Company could damage our reputation. The increased use of social media platforms allows for the rapid dispersal of information, including negative feedback or other commentary, which could negatively impact our reputation and result in declines in customer loyalty and adversely affect our results of operations. International events could delay or prevent the delivery of products to our suppliers. Our suppliers rely on foreign sources, primarily in Asia, to manufacture a portion of the products we purchase from them. As a result, any event causing a disruption of imports, including natural disasters or the imposition of import restrictions or trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas, could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us, which may negatively impact our business and results of operations. Our international operations expose us to numerous risks. We have international retail operations in Australia, Canada and Europe. Because release schedules for hardware and software introduction in these markets can sometimes differ from release schedules in the United States, the timing of increases and decreases in foreign sales may differ from the timing of increases and decreases in domestic sales. We are also subject to a number of other factors that may affect our current or future international operations. These include: • economic downturns, specifically in the regions in which we operate; • currency exchange rate fluctuations; • international incidents; • natural disasters; • government instability; and • competitors entering our current and potential markets. Our operations in Europe are also subject to risks associated with the current economic conditions and uncertainties in the European Union (“EU”). In June 2016, voters in the United Kingdom approved the exit of that country from the EU (“Brexit”). The Brexit vote and related developments have created significant economic uncertainty in Europe. In addition, European and global economic conditions have been negatively impacted by the inability of certain EU member states to service their sovereign debt obligations. There continues to be uncertainty over the possibility that other EU member states may experience similar financial troubles, the ultimate outcome of the EU governments’ financial support programs, the possible breakup or restructuring of the EU and the possible elimination or restructuring of the EU monetary system. These continued uncertainties could further disrupt 8 European and global economic conditions. Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively impact consumer demand for our products. These factors could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our international operations are also subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws applicable to our operations. While we have policies and procedures intended to ensure compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors, representatives and agents may take actions that violate our policies. Moreover, it may be more difficult to oversee the conduct of any such persons who are not our employees, potentially exposing us to greater risk from their actions. Any violations of those laws by any of those persons could have a negative impact on our business. Changes to tariff and import/export regulations may negatively impact our future financial condition and results of operations. The United States and other countries have from time to time proposed and enacted protectionist trade policies that could increase the cost or reduce the availability of certain merchandise. In particular, the current U.S. administration has made certain changes to import/export tariffs and international trade agreements. The changes announced and made to date do not impact the merchandise that we offer. Any measures that could impact the cost or availability of the merchandise we offer could have an adverse impact on our business because a significant portion of the products we offer are purchased from foreign vendors and manufactured in foreign countries. Unfavorable changes in our global tax rate could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. As a result of our operations in many foreign countries, our global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and the tax filing positions we take in various jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may be higher than other companies or higher than our tax rates have been in the past. We base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate at any given point in time on a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our business and to estimates of the amount of income to be derived in any given jurisdiction. A change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any jurisdiction in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of our operations. Restrictions on our ability to purchase and sell pre-owned video game products or pre-owned mobile devices could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our financial results depend on our ability to purchase and sell pre-owned video game products and pre-owned mobile devices within our stores. Actions by manufacturers or publishers of video game products or mobile devices, wireless carriers or governmental authorities to prohibit or limit our ability to purchase or sell pre-owned video game products or mobile devices, or to limit the ability of consumers to play pre-owned video games or use pre-owned mobile devices, could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Sales of video games containing graphic violence may decrease as a result of actual violent events or other reasons, and our financial results may be adversely affected as a result. Many popular video games contain material with graphic violence. These games receive an “M” or “T” rating from the Entertainment Software Ratings Board. As actual violent events occur and are publicized, or for other reasons, public acceptance of graphic violence in video games may decline. Consumer advocacy groups may increase their efforts to oppose sales of graphically-violent video games and may seek legislation prohibiting their sales. As a result, our sales of those games may decrease, which could negatively impact our results of operations. An adverse trend in sales during the holiday selling season could impact our financial results. Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with the major portion of our sales and operating profit realized during the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling season. During fiscal 2018 , we generated approximately 37% of our sales during the fourth quarter. Any adverse trend in sales during the holiday selling season could lower our results of operations for the fourth quarter and the entire fiscal year. Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter depending upon several factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: • the timing and allocations of new product releases including new console launches; • the timing of new store openings or closings; 9 • shifts in the timing or content of certain promotions or service offerings; • the effect of changes in tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate; • acquisition costs and the integration of companies we acquire or invest in; • the mix of earnings in the countries in which we operate; • the costs associated with the exit of unprofitable markets, businesses or stores; and • changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These and other factors could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and this makes the prediction of our financial results on a quarterly basis difficult. Also, it is possible that our quarterly financial results may be below the expectations of public market analysts. Failure to successfully transfer customers and sales from closed stores due to under performance to nearby stores could adversely impact our financial results. We regularly assess stores for closure that are not meeting performance standards or stores at the end of their lease terms with the intent of transferring sales to other nearby locations. We believe that we can ultimately increase profitability by successfully transferring customers and sales to other stores by marketing directly to the PowerUp Rewards members who have shopped in the stores that we plan to close. If we are unsuccessful in marketing to customers of the stores that we plan to close or in transferring sales to nearby stores, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. If we are unable to renew or enter into new leases on favorable terms, our revenue may be adversely affected. All of our retail stores are located in leased premises. If the cost of leasing existing stores increases, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our existing store locations as leases expire. In addition, we may not be able to enter into new leases on favorable terms or at all, or we may not be able to locate suitable alternative sites or additional sites for new store expansion in a timely manner. Our revenues and earnings may decline if we fail to maintain existing store locations, enter into new leases, locate alternative sites or find additional sites for new store expansion. We rely on centralized facilities for refurbishment of our pre-owned products. Any disruption to these facilities could adversely affect our profitability. We rely on centralized facilities for the refurbishment of many of the pre-owned products that we sell. If any disruption occurred at these facilities, whether due to natural disaster or severe weather, or events such as fire, accidents, power outages, systems failures, or other unforeseen causes, sales of our pre-owned products could decrease. Since we generally obtain higher margins on our pre-owned products, any adverse effect on their sales could adversely affect our profitability. If our management information systems fail to perform or are inadequate, our ability to manage our business could be disrupted. We rely on computerized inventory and management systems to coordinate and manage the activities in our distribution centers, as well as to communicate distribution information to the off-site, third-party operated distribution centers with which we work. The third-party distribution centers pick up products from our suppliers, repackage the products for each of our stores and ship those products to our stores by package carriers. We use inventory replenishment systems to track sales and inventory. Our ability to rapidly process incoming shipments of new release titles and deliver them to all of our stores, either that day or by the next morning, enables us to meet peak demand and replenish stores at least twice a week, to keep our stores in stock at optimum levels and to move inventory efficiently. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, security breaches and catastrophic events. If our inventory or management information systems fail to adequately perform their functions, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, if operations in any of our distribution centers were to shut down or be disrupted or if these centers were unable to accommodate stores in a particular region, our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. 10 If we do not maintain the security of our member, customer, employee or company information, we could damage our reputation, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. An important part of our business involves the receipt, processing and storage of personal information of our customers, members and employees, including, in the case of customers, payment information. We have systems and processes in place that are designed to protect against security and data breaches and unauthorized access to confidential information. Nevertheless, cyber-security risks such as malicious software and attempts to gain unauthorized access to data are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. Techniques or software used to gain unauthorized access, and/or disable, degrade or harm our systems may be difficult to detect for prolonged periods of time, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or put in place protective or preventive measures. These attempts to gain unauthorized access could lead to disruptions in our systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information or corruption of data. If individuals are successful in infiltrating, breaking into, disrupting, damaging or otherwise stealing from the computer systems of the Company or its third-party providers, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim, including interruptions in our ability to accept payment from customers and our ability to issue and redeem loyalty points under our Power Up Rewards program. Such an event may also expose us to costly litigation, government investigations, government enforcement actions, fines and/or lawsuits and may significantly harm our reputation with our members and customers. We are continuously working to upgrade our information technology systems and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to protect our member, customer, employee, and company data against cyber risks and security breaches. Despite these efforts, we have experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past and there is no guarantee that the procedures that we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against future data security breaches. While past cybersecurity attacks have not resulted in material losses, a data security breach or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations could materially impact our business and our results of operations. Moreover, a data security breach or change in applicable privacy or security laws or regulations could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the breach or such change in laws or regulations and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures that we employ to guard against such breaches or to comply with such change in laws or regulations, which could disrupt our business, operations and financial condition. If our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective, our business may be adversely affected and we may lose market confidence in our reported financial information which could adversely impact our business and stock price. Effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements because of inherent limitations. These limitations include, among others, the possibility of human error, inadequacy or circumvention of controls and fraud. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we identified material weaknesses in internal control related to the principles associated with the control activities component of the Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) , specifically related to our information technology general control environment. Refer to Part II, Item 9A for additional information. We have been implementing and will continue to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses are remediated; however, we cannot provide assurance that these measures will be successful. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses or are unable to otherwise maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to report financial information timely and accurately could be adversely affected. As a result, we could lose investor confidence and become subject to litigation or investigations, which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition and our stock price. Litigation and the outcomes of such litigation could negatively impact our future financial condition and results of operations. In the ordinary course of our business, we are, from time to time, subject to various litigation and legal proceedings, including matters involving wage and hour employee class actions, stockholder and consumer class actions, tax audits and unclaimed property audits by states. The outcome of litigation and other legal proceedings and the magnitude of potential losses therefrom, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. Certain of these legal proceedings, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may require changes to our business operations that negatively impact our operating results or involve significant liability awards that impact our financial condition. The cost to defend litigation may be significant. As a result, legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings.” 11 Legislative actions and changes in accounting rules may cause our general and administrative and compliance costs to increase and impact our future financial condition and results of operations. In order to comply with laws adopted by the U.S. government or other U.S. or foreign regulatory bodies, we may be required to increase our expenditures and hire additional personnel and additional outside legal, accounting and advisory services, all of which may cause our general and administrative and compliance costs to increase. Significant workforce-related legislative changes could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. Examples of possible workforce-related legislative changes include changes to an employer's obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, and health care mandates. In addition, changes in the regulatory environment affecting Medicare reimbursements, product safety, supply chain transparency, and increased compliance costs related to enforcement of federal and state wage and hour statutes and common law related to overtime, among others, could cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices. Environmental legislation or other regulatory changes could impose unexpected costs or impact us more directly than other companies due to our operations as a global retailer. Specifically, environmental legislation or international agreements affecting energy, carbon emissions, and water or product materials are continually being explored by governing bodies. Increasing energy and fuel costs, supply chain disruptions and other potential risks to our business, as well as any significant rule making or passage of any such legislation, could materially increase the cost to transport our goods and materially adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, regulatory and enforcement activity focused on the retail industry has increased in recent years, increasing the risk of fines and additional operational costs associated with compliance. As a seller of certain consumer products, we are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws, regulations, and statutes relating to product safety and consumer protection. While we take steps to comply with these laws, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance, and failure to comply with these laws could result in litigation, regulatory action and penalties which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our suppliers might not adhere to product safety requirements and the Company and those suppliers may therefore be subject to involuntary or voluntary product recalls or product liability lawsuits. Direct costs, lost sales and reputational damage associated with product recalls, government enforcement actions or product liability lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, could have a negative impact on future revenues and results of operations. Our Board of Directors could change our dividend policy at any time. We initiated our first cash dividend on our common stock during fiscal 2012. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is no assurance that we will continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future. Certain provisions in our credit facility and covenants under the indentures for our 5.50% Senior Notes due October 1, 2019 (the “2019 Senior Notes”) and our 6.75% Senior Notes due March 15, 2021 (the "2021 Senior Notes" and, together, the “Senior Notes”), restrict our ability to pay dividends in certain circumstances. In addition, subject to any financial covenants in current or future financing agreements that directly or indirectly restrict our ability to pay dividends, the payment of dividends is within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our future earnings and cash flow from operations, our capital requirements, our financial condition and any other factors that the Board of Directors may consider. Unless we continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon its future appreciation. Our common stock may not appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which it was purchased. We recognized substantial impairment charges in fiscal 2018 and any future impairment charges on our goodwill and intangible assets could negatively impact our results of operations. In fiscal 2018, we recorded impairment charges totaling $970.7 million and $43.1 million associated with our goodwill and intangible assets, respectively. Our consolidated balance sheet at February 2, 2019 included goodwill and intangible assets, net totaling $397.4 million. Goodwill and certain intangible assets arise from acquisitions and are not amortized as they have indefinite useful lives. Other intangible assets are amortized over their estimated economic useful lives. We are required to evaluate goodwill and other intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment at least annually or when circumstances indicate the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets might be impaired. The impairment tests require numerous assumptions such as, among others, future sales trends, operating margins, store count and capital expenditures. In addition, changes in our market capitalization may impact certain assumptions in our annual impairment test. If our actual financial results in the future are below our projections or if our stock price experiences a sustained decline, we may be required to record significant impairment charges associated with our goodwill and intangible assets, which would negatively impact our results of operations. See "Goodwill" and "Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets" in Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates” for additional information. 12 Risks Relating to Indebtedness Because of our floating rate credit facility, we may be adversely affected by interest rate changes. Our financial position may be affected by fluctuations in interest rates, as our senior credit facility is subject to floating interest rates. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. If we were to borrow against our senior credit facility, a significant increase in interest rates could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The terms of our Senior Notes and senior credit facility may impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. The terms of our Senior Notes and our senior credit facility may impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us in certain circumstances. These restrictions, among other things, limit our ability to: • incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness or guaranty obligations; • incur liens or agree to negative pledges in other agreements; • engage in sale and leaseback transactions; • make loans and investments; • declare dividends, make payments or redeem or repurchase capital stock; • engage in mergers, acquisitions and other business combinations; • prepay, redeem or purchase certain indebtedness; • amend or otherwise alter the terms of our organizational documents and indebtedness; • sell assets; and • engage in transactions with affiliates. We cannot assure that these covenants will not adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or to pursue available business opportunities. A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the indentures for the Senior Notes, or under our senior credit facility, could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. Such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the repayment of the related debt and may result in the acceleration of the repayment of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applied. In addition, an event of default under our senior credit facility would permit the lenders to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under that facility. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under our senior credit facility, those lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. In the event that our lenders or noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. See Note 10, "Debt," to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our Senior Notes and senior credit facility. To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt service obligations. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled payments on our indebtedness, including without limitation any payments required to be made under our senior credit facility or to holders of our Senior Notes, and to fund our operations, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy our debt obligations, including interest payments and the payment of principal at maturity, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, including the Senior Notes, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital. We cannot provide assurance that any refinancing would be possible, that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales, that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all, or if that additional financing would be permitted under the terms of our various debt instruments, then in effect. Our senior credit facility and the indentures governing the Senior Notes restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those sales and raise debt or equity to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our ability to refinance would also depend upon the condition of the finance and credit markets. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, including the Senior Notes, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or on a timely basis, would have an negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 13 Despite current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur additional debt. This could further increase the risks associated with our leverage. We are able to incur additional indebtedness. Although our senior credit facility and the indentures for our Senior Notes contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. Such future indebtedness or obligations may have restrictions similar to, or more restrictive than, those included in the indentures for our Senior Notes or our senior credit facility. The incurrence of additional indebtedness could impact our financial condition and results of operations.