Item 1A. Risk Factors 6 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 15 Item 2. Properties 16 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 16 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 16 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 17 Item 6. Reserved 19 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 28 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 28 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 31 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 32 Item 9B. Other Information 33 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 34 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 34 Item 11. Executive Compensation 34 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 34 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 34 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 34 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 35 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 37 SIGNATURES 38 Disclosure Regarding Forward-looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terms such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “continues,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “pro forma,” “seeks,” “should,” “will” or similar expressions. These statements are only predictions based on current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Form 10-K, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this Form 10-K, except as required by law. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors,” which are incorporated herein by reference. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in this Form 10-K. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General GameStop Corp. (“GameStop,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company”) offers games and entertainment products through its ecommerce properties and stores. Our fiscal year is composed of the 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Saturday closest to the last day of January. Fiscal year 2021 consisted of the 52 weeks ended on January 29, 2022 ("fiscal 2021"). Fiscal year 2020 consisted of the 52 weeks ended on January 30, 2021 ("fiscal 2020") and fiscal year 2019 consisted of the 52 weeks ended on February 1, 2020 ("fiscal 2019"). Reportable Segments We operate in four geographic segments: United States, Canada, Australia and Europe. We identified segments based on a combination of geographic areas, which is the basis of how we manage the organization and analyze performance. Our sales and profits are driven through both our physical stores and broad ecommerce platforms. Each segment consists primarily of retail operations, with the significant majority of our stores and ecommerce properties focused on games, entertainment products and technology. These products are substantially the same regardless of geographic location, with the primary differences in merchandise carried being the timing of the release of new products or technologies in the various segments. As of January 29, 2022, we had a total of 4,573 stores across all of our segments; 3,018 in the United States, 231 in Canada, 417 in Australia and 907 in Europe. Our stores and ecommerce sites operate primarily under the names GameStop ® (“GameStop”), EB Games ® (“EB Games”) and Micromania TM . Our segments also include 50 pop culture themed stores selling collectibles, apparel, gadgets, electronics, toys and other retail products for technology enthusiasts and general consumers in international markets operating under the Zing Pop Culture ® brand. Our brands also include Game Informer ® (“Game Informer”) magazine, the world's leading print and digital gaming publication. Financial information about our segments is included in Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Part II, Item 8, Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 6 , "Segment Information," of this Form 10-K. Merchandise We categorize our sale of products as follows: • Hardware and accessories. We offer new and pre-owned gaming platforms from the major console and PC manufacturers. The current generation of consoles include the Sony PlayStation 5, Microsoft Xbox Series X, and the Nintendo Switch. Accessories consist primarily of controllers, gaming headsets, virtual reality products and memory cards. 1 • Software. We offer new and pre-owned gaming software for current and certain prior generation consoles. We also sell a wide variety of in-game digital currency, digital downloadable content (“DLC”) and full-game downloads. • Collectibles . Collectibles consist of licensed merchandise, primarily related to the gaming, television and movie industries and pop-culture themes. Trade-In Program We provide our customers with an opportunity to trade-in their pre-owned gaming, mobility and other products at our stores in exchange for cash or in-store credit which can be applied towards the purchase of other products. This process drives higher market share and offers a broader range of price points for our customers. Our trade-in program provides customers a means to unlock value and recycle used product, which enables us to offer previous generation platforms and related games. We operate refurbishment centers in the United States, Canada, Australia and Europe, where used gaming, mobility, and other products can be tested, repaired, sanitized, repackaged and redistributed for sale. Store Locations Our retail stores are generally located in strip centers, shopping malls and pedestrian areas. These locations provide easy access and high frequency of visits and, in the case of strip centers and high-traffic pedestrian stores, high visibility. We target strip centers that are conveniently located, have a mass merchant or supermarket anchor tenant and have a high volume of customers. As of January 29, 2022, we offered games and entertainment products in 4,573 stores worldwide. Domestic Locations. The table below sets forth the number and locations of our domestic stores included in the United States segment as of January 29, 2022: Alabama 48 Kentucky 62 North Dakota 7 Alaska 5 Louisiana 55 Ohio 141 Arizona 61 Maine 7 Oklahoma 38 Arkansas 25 Maryland 57 Oregon 31 California 271 Massachusetts 54 Pennsylvania 128 Colorado 48 Michigan 83 Rhode Island 8 Connecticut 31 Minnesota 35 South Carolina 62 Delaware 13 Mississippi 39 South Dakota 6 Florida 193 Missouri 53 Tennessee 78 Georgia 106 Montana 9 Texas 305 Guam 2 Nebraska 18 Utah 25 Hawaii 13 Nevada 34 Vermont 4 Idaho 16 New Hampshire 20 Virginia 98 Illinois 102 New Jersey 82 Washington 59 Indiana 74 New Mexico 22 West Virginia 23 Iowa 24 New York 147 Wisconsin 45 Kansas 27 North Carolina 118 Wyoming 6 Total Domestic Stores 3,018 2 International Locations. The table below sets forth the number and locations of our international stores included in our segments in Canada, Europe and Australia as of January 29, 2022: Number of Stores Canada 231 Total Stores - Canada 231 Australia 376 New Zealand 41 Total Stores - Australia 417 Austria 8 France 399 Germany 172 Ireland 42 Italy 272 Switzerland 14 Total Stores - Europe 907 Total International Stores 1,555 Business Strategy GameStop is on a strategic path to fully leverage our unique position and brand in gaming. Our strategic plan is designed to optimize our core business while at the same time, pursuing strategic initiatives to transform GameStop for the future by expanding our addressable market and product offerings to drive growth in the gaming and entertainment industries. GameStop is focused on transforming into a customer-obsessed technology company to delight gamers and is actively focused on the below: • Establish ecommerce excellence. We aim to be the leading destination for games and entertainment across all channels and will scale up our ecommerce operations to make the most convenient solution for our customers. This includes app & site redesigns, improvements in fulfillment and delivery times, better product availability across all channels, and a further improved customer service experience. • Expand our selection to deliver a market-leading offering in gaming & entertainment. Continue investing in expanding our product offering to relevant categories for our customers, including becoming a leader in PC gaming, virtual reality, and other gaming products. • Leverage existing strengths and assets. Grow our presence in the gaming community and increase market share through enhancing the value of our loyalty program and Game Informer assets while also expanding the scope of our buy, sell, and trade business to support our expanded offering. • Invest in new growth opportunities. As we scale and expand our core offerings we will simultaneously invest in additional growth, including blockchain, digital assets (including non-fungible tokens ("NFTs")), Web 3.0 technology, and new destination formats for our stores. In January 2022, we entered into partnerships with Immutable X Pty Limited (“IMX”) and Digital Worlds NFTs Ltd. ("Digital Worlds") pursuant to which IMX will become a technology partner and platform for our NFT marketplace, and Digital Worlds will grant up to $100 million in IMX tokens to creators of NFT content and technology. In addition, Digital Worlds agreed to provide up to approximately $150 million in IMX tokens to GameStop upon the achievement of certain milestones. We believe these future transformation efforts are an important aspect of our continued business to enable long-term value creation for our shareholders. In fiscal 2021 we further strengthened our balance sheet by eliminating $314.6 million of total outstanding debt as of fiscal 2020 and raising $1,672.8 million in gross equity capital through an at-the-market offering. Connected to our transformation efforts, we have incurred and may continue to incur severance, store closure costs and expenses for consultants and advisors. See "Consolidated Results of Operations—Selling, General and Administrative Expenses" for additional information. 3 PowerUp Rewards Our U.S. loyalty program, called PowerUp Rewards ® ("PowerUp Rewards"), had approximately 50.5 million members as of January 29, 2022, of which approximately 16.1 million members have purchased or traded at GameStop ® in the past year. The PowerUp Rewards membership totals include 5.8 million paying pro members, which represents 31.8% growth compared to prior year. Our loyalty programs generally offer our customers the ability to sign up for a free or paid membership which gives our customers access to exclusive gaming related rewards. The programs' paid memberships generally include a subscription to Game Informer ® magazine and additional discounts and benefits in our stores and ecommerce properties. The GameStop PowerUp Rewards program has also been recognized by Newsweek ® as one of America’s Best Loyalty Programs 2022. Game Informer ® We publish Game Informer ® , a leading gaming publication featuring reviews of new releases, previews of the big titles on the horizon, and coverage of the latest developments in the gaming industry. The magazine is available by subscription, in both digital and physical formats and is sold both online and in-store. Game Informer ® is a part of the PowerUp Rewards Pro loyalty program and is a key feature of each paid PowerUp Rewards Pro membership. Operating results from the English version of Game Informer ® are included in the United States segment and other international version results from Game Informer ® operations are included in the segment in which the sales are generated. Vendors We purchase our new products worldwide from a broad number of manufacturers, software publishers and distributors. Our largest vendors are Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, U&I Entertainment and Electronic Arts, which collectively accounted for a majority of our new product purchases in fiscal 2021. We have established price protections and return rights with our primary gaming product vendors in order to reduce our risk of inventory obsolescence. In addition, we generally conduct business on an order-by-order basis, a practice that is typical throughout the industry. We purchase collectibles merchandise from a broad base of domestic and international vendors. We believe that maintaining and strengthening our long-term relationships with our vendors is essential to our operations and continued expansion. Distribution and Information Management Our operating strategy involves providing a broad merchandise selection for our customers to purchase what they want, when and how they want it. We use our distribution facilities, store locations and inventory management systems to optimize the efficiency of the flow of products to our stores and customers, enhance fulfillment efficiency and optimize in-stock and overall investment in inventory. In 2020, we introduced same day delivery service in certain markets to enhance the customer shopping and delivery experience. In 2021, we announced the expansion of our North American fulfillment network through the lease of facilities in Reno, Nevada and York, Pennsylvania. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, Operational Risks - “We depend on third-party delivery services to deliver products to our retail locations, fulfillment centers and customers on a timely and consistent basis, and changes in the terms we have with these service providers could adversely affect our business and financial position.” Competition The gaming industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent new product introductions. We compete with mass merchants and regional chains; computer product and consumer electronics stores; other gaming and related specialty stores; toy retail chains; direct sales by software publishers; the online environments operated by Sony (PlayStation Network), Microsoft (XBox Live), Nintendo (Nintendo Switch Online), as well as other online retailers and game rental companies. Gaming products are also distributed through other methods such as digital delivery. We also compete with sellers of pre-owned and value gaming products and other forms of entertainment activities, including casual and mobile games, movies, television, theater, sporting events and family entertainment centers. In the U.S., we compete with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Wal-Mart”); Target Corporation (“Target”); Best Buy Co., Inc. ("Best Buy") and Amazon.com, Inc. (“Amazon.com”), among others. Throughout Europe we compete with major consumer electronics retailers such as Media Markt, Saturn and FNAC, major hypermarket chains like Carrefour and Auchan, and online retailer Amazon.com. Competitors in Canada include Wal-Mart and Best Buy. In Australia, competitors include JB HiFi stores, Big W, Target, and Amazon.com. Globally, we also compete with certain vendors including Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo, among others, for direct-to-consumer offerings. 4 Market Size Based upon estimates compiled by various market research firms, including NPD Group, Inc. ("NPD"), International Development Group ("IDG") and DFC Intelligence ("DFC"), we estimate that the market for new physical console gaming systems, accessories and physical software was approximately $18.0 billion in 2021 in the countries in which we operate. This estimated market excludes sales of pre-owned gaming systems, which are not currently measured by any third-party research firms. Additionally, based on estimates compiled by DFC, we estimate that the market in North America for content in digital format (full-game and add-on content downloads for console and PC, subscriptions, mobile games and social network games) was approximately $27.0 billion in 2021. Seasonality Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with a major portion of our sales and operating profit realized during the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling season. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we generated approximately 37% and 42%, respectively, of our sales during the fourth quarter. Trademarks We have a number of trademarks and service marks, including “GameStop ® ,” “Game Informer ® ,” “EB Games ® ,” “Electronics Boutique ® ,” “Zing Pop Culture ® ,” “Power to the Players ® ” and “GameStop PowerUp Rewards ® ,” which have been registered by us with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. For many of our trademarks and service marks, including “Micromania TM ,” we also have registered or have registrations pending with the trademark authorities throughout the world. We maintain a policy of pursuing registration of our principal marks and opposing any infringement of our marks. Human Capital At GameStop, we strive to attract, retain and develop talent at all levels of our organization. In 2021, as part of these efforts to attract talent throughout the United States, we opened additional offices in Seattle, WA, Pembrook Pines, FL, and Boston, MA. We have approximately 12,000 full-time salaried and hourly associates and between 14,000 and 28,000 part-time hourly associates worldwide, depending on the time of year. The number of part-time hourly associates fluctuates primarily due to the seasonality of our business. • Development. We are committed to providing our associates with opportunities to develop and grow their careers. We offer learning opportunities through our proprietary training programs and high-potential talent development programs as well as educational assistance programs. • Diversity and Inclusion. We advocate working actively to build understanding and collaboration across functions. We believe a more diverse workforce provides many benefits in drawing upon a greater richness of resources, experiences, ideas and talents. • Benefits. We have designed our compensation and benefits programs to meet the unique needs of employees in our various business segments. These programs are intended to attract, reward and retain talent that reflects local communities and customers, while instilling an ownership mentality in our work. We are also committed to taking care of our associates in times of need. Through our Gamer Fund employee assistance program, an employee sponsored 501(c)(3) organization, we have provided temporary assistance to more than 3,800 GameStop associates who have experienced unforeseen emergency or hardship, and more than $750,000 in scholarships. • Safety. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented enhanced safety measures and made certain other operational changes that were in the best interests of our associates as well as the communities in which we operate, including use of personal protective equipment. We will continue to prioritize the health and safety of our associates as we navigate the issues arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Sustainability We are committed to sustainability and to operating our business in a manner that results in a positive impact to the environment and our communities. Through our trade-in program, we take gaming consoles, gaming software and consumer electronics that are otherwise destined for landfills and either refurbish them or recycle them. In 2021 alone, through our U.S. refurbishment center, we refurbished over 0.7 million pieces of software (CDs) and over 2.1 million consumer electronic devices, and recycled over 1.0 million pounds of e-waste. In addition, we continuously measure and look for cost effective ways to reduce our carbon emissions and have seen both our total emissions and emissions by store decrease in the U.S. over our baseline year of 2009. In 2021, we achieved an 11% reduction in year over year carbon emissions in the U.S. through both operational reductions and renewable sourcing. 5 Available Information We make available on our corporate website (http://news.gamestop.com), under “Investors — SEC Filings,” our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like GameStop, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. In addition to copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, our Code of Standards, Ethics and Conduct is available on our website under “Investors — Corporate Governance” and is available to our stockholders in print, free of charge, upon written request to the Investor Relations Department at GameStop Corp., 625 Westport Parkway, Grapevine, Texas 76051. Any amendments to or waivers of our Code of Standards, Ethics and Conduct or our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial and Executive Officers that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controllers and persons performing similar functions and that relate to any matter enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC will be disclosed on our website. The contents of our corporate website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our Company involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks below, together with the other information contained in this report and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), before you make an investment decision with respect to our Company. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we consider immaterial, may also impair our business operations. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, and could cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A Common Stock and the value of your investment. Economic Risks Economic, social and political conditions in the markets in which we operate could adversely affect demand for the products we sell and impact our business and financial condition. Sales of our products involve discretionary spending by consumers, making our results highly dependent on the health of the economies and consumer confidence in the markets in which we operate. Consumers are typically more likely to make discretionary purchases, including purchasing gaming and technology products, when there are favorable economic conditions. Our business may be affected by many economic, social, and political factors outside our control. Some of these factors include consumer disposable income levels, consumer confidence in current and future economic conditions, levels of employment, consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels, interest rates, tax rates, housing market conditions, inflation, socio-political factors, such as civil unrest or political uncertainty, and the effect of weather, natural disasters, and public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic. Adverse economic, social and political changes in any of the regions in which we sell our products could adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing sales and margins. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and our financial results. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the global economy, changed consumer behaviors and disrupted global supply chains, and may continue to do so. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results will depend on future developments, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, the implementation or recurrence of store closure requirements and operating restrictions placed on our physical locations by governmental authorities, disruptions in the supply chain for the products we sell resulting from labor shortages and other issues caused by the pandemic, and the impact of the pandemic on consumer confidence and spending, as well as the financial markets, all of which are highly uncertain. Therefore, we cannot reasonably estimate the full extent of the COVID-19 pandemic’s impact on our business and financial results. 6 Industry Risks We face strong competition from multi-channel retailers, ecommerce businesses and others, which directly affects our revenue and profitability. The retail environment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent new product introductions. We compete with mass merchants and regional chains, including Wal-Mart and Target; computer product and consumer electronics stores, including Best Buy; other U.S. and international gaming and PC software specialty stores, such as Carrefour and Media Markt; toy retail chains; internet-based retailers such as Amazon.com; other internet marketplaces, including those operated by game publishers and console manufacturers; online retailers of digital software; and game rental companies. Competition may also result from new entrants into the markets we serve, offering products and/or services that compete with us. If we lose customers to our competitors, or if we reduce our prices or increase our spending to maintain our customers, such actions may negatively impact our business and our financial performance. Multi-channel retailers and ecommerce companies continue to focus on delivery services, with customers increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-cost or free shipping. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products. The gaming industry has historically been cyclical and is affected by the introduction of next-generation consoles, which could negatively impact the demand for existing products. The gaming industry has historically been cyclical in nature in response to the introduction and maturation of new technology. Following the introduction of new gaming platforms, sales of these platforms and related software and accessories generally increase due to initial demand, while sales of older platforms and related products generally decrease as customers migrate toward the new platforms. A new console cycle began with the launch of the Sony PlayStation 5 in November 2020, the Microsoft Xbox Series X in November 2020, and the Nintendo Switch in March 2017. We are dependent upon the timely delivery of new and innovative products from our vendors and failure to timely obtain new product can adversely affect our sales. We depend on manufacturers and publishers to deliver video game hardware, software, and consumer electronics in quantities sufficient to meet customer demand. Some of the products we sell are in short supply and are highly allocated among us and our competitors and we compete for product inventory. If we fail to obtain products in sufficient quantities, our sales may be negatively impacted. We depend on these manufacturers and publishers to introduce new and innovative products and software titles to drive industry sales. The number of new software titles available for sale has decreased in recent years. Any material delay in the introduction or delivery, or limited allocations, of hardware platforms or software titles could result in reduced sales. In addition, some publishers that have historically published games compatible with multiple gaming platforms have recently been acquired by console manufacturers. This consolidation could lead to a further reduction in the number of new software titles available for sale. Technological advances in the delivery and types of video games and PC entertainment hardware and software, as well as changes in consumer behavior related to these new technologies, have lowered and may continue to lower, our sales. The current consoles from Sony, Nintendo, and Microsoft have facilitated download technology. Downloading of video game content to the current generation video game systems continues to grow and take an increasing percentage of new video game sales. If consumers’ preference for downloading video game content in lieu of physical software continues to increase, our business and financial performance may be adversely impacted. In addition, both Sony and Microsoft currently offer consoles that only allow for the purchase of digital games and content and do not work with physical software. Sales of those types of consoles eliminate the ability of customers to purchase physical software, which may also adversely affect our sales of both new and pre-owned physical software. Interruptions to our supply chain or the supply chain of our suppliers may adversely affect our business Our suppliers rely on foreign sources, primarily in Asia, to manufacture a portion of the products we purchase from them. As a result, any event causing a disruption of imports, including labor shortages, natural disasters, public health crises, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or the imposition of import or trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us, which may negatively impact our business and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in labor and raw material shortages at certain suppliers that are part of our supply chain, and we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, shortages in supply as a result. If labor and material 7 shortages continue or expand in scope, it could impact our ability to obtain certain products on schedule and, accordingly, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. An adverse trend in sales during the holiday selling season could impact our financial results. Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with a major portion of our sales and operating profit realized during the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling season. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we generated approximately 37% and 42%, respectively, of our sales during the fourth quarter. Any adverse trend in sales during the holiday selling season could lower our results of operations for the fourth quarter and the entire fiscal year and adversely impact our liquidity. Our ability to obtain favorable terms from our suppliers and service providers may impact our financial results. Our financial results depend significantly upon the business terms we can obtain from our suppliers and service providers, including competitive prices, unsold product return policies, advertising and market development allowances, freight charges and payment terms. We purchase substantially all of our products directly from manufacturers, software publishers and, in some cases, distributors. Our largest vendors are Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, U&I Entertainment and Electronic Arts, which collectively accounted for a majority of our new product purchases in fiscal 2021. If our suppliers and service providers do not provide us with favorable business terms or allocate reduced volumes of their products to us, we may not be able to offer products to our customers in sufficient volumes or at competitive prices. Vendors may request credit support which could require us to either use cash on hand or collateralize letters of credit with restricted cash or other credit support mechanisms, which would reduce our liquidity available for other purposes. Our sales of collectibles depend on popularity of and trends in pop culture, and if we are unable to anticipate, identify and react to them, our sales and business may be adversely affected. Our sales of collectibles are heavily dependent upon the continued demand by our customers for collectibles, apparel, toys, gadgets, electronics and other retail products for pop culture and technology enthusiasts. The popularity of such products is often driven by movies, television shows, music, fashion and other pop culture influences. Our failure to anticipate, identify and react appropriately to changing trends and preferences of customers could lead to, among other things, excess inventories and higher markdowns. Sales of video games containing graphic violence may decrease as a result of actual violent events or other reasons, and our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result. Many popular video games contain material with graphic violence. These games receive an “M” or “T” rating from the Entertainment Software Ratings Board. As actual violent events occur and are publicized, or for other reasons, public acceptance of graphic violence in video games may decline. Consumer advocacy groups may increase their efforts to oppose sales of graphically-violent video games and may seek legislation prohibiting their sales. As a result, our sales of those games may decrease, which could negatively impact our results of operations. Strategic Risks Our strategic plans and transformation initiatives may initially result in a negative impact on our financial results and such plans and initiatives may not achieve the desired results within the anticipated time frame or at all. Our ability to successfully implement and execute our strategic plans and transformation initiatives is dependent on many factors, some of which are out of our control. Our strategic plans and transformation initiatives may require significant capital investment and management attention at the expense of other business initiatives and may take longer than anticipated to achieve the desired return. Additionally, any new initiative is subject to certain risks, including customer acceptance, competition and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to support the initiative. If we are unable to successfully maintain strong retail and ecommerce experiences for our customers, our sales and results of operations could adversely be impacted. Our business has become increasingly dependent on multiple sales channels as we strive to deliver a seamless shopping experience to our customers through both online and in-store shopping experiences. Operating an ecommerce platform is a complex undertaking and exposes us to risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis and our ability to operate, support, expand, and develop our internet operations, website, mobile applications and software and other related operational systems. If we are not able to successfully operate our ecommerce platform, we may not be able to provide a relevant shopping experience or improve customer traffic, sales or margins, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, improvements to our ecommerce platform involve substantial investments of capital and resources, increasing supply chain and distribution capabilities, attracting, developing and retaining qualified personnel with relevant subject matter expertise and effectively managing and improving the customer experience. In-store and ecommerce retail are competitive and 8 evolving environments. Insufficient, untimely or inadequately prioritized or ineffectively implemented investments could significantly impact our profitability and growth and affect our ability to attract new customers, as well as maintain our existing ones. If we fail to keep pace with changing industry technology and consumer preferences, we will be at a competitive disadvantage. The interactive entertainment industry is characterized by swiftly changing technology, evolving industry standards, frequent new and enhanced product introductions, rapidly changing consumer preferences and product obsolescence. Video games are now played on a wide variety of mediums, including video game consoles, personal computers, mobile phones, tablets, social networking websites and other devices. Browser, mobile and social gaming is accessed through hardware other than the consoles and traditional hand-held video game devices we currently sell. In addition, augmented reality, virtual reality and blockchain technology continue to rapidly evolve and may result in changes in both customer preferences and the types of hardware and software that are used by customers. To continue to compete effectively in the gaming and interactive entertainment industry, we must respond effectively to market and technological changes and understand their impact on our customers’ preferences. It may take significant time and resources to respond to these technological changes and changes in consumer preferences. Our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we fail to keep pace with these changes. Changes in our senior management or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, on the continuing services and contributions of our leadership team to execute on our strategic plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities. Turnover in key leadership positions in the Company could adversely affect our ability to manage the Company efficiently and effectively, could be disruptive and distracting to management and may lead to additional departures of current personnel, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our success also depends, in part, upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain a highly trained and engaged workforce, management for our stores and skilled merchandising, marketing, financial and administrative personnel. In addition, the turnover rate in the retail and fulfillment industries is relatively high, and there is an ongoing need to recruit and train new store and fulfillment associates. Factors that affect our ability to maintain sufficient numbers of qualified associates include associate morale, our reputation, unemployment rates, competition from other employers and our ability to offer appropriate compensation and benefits packages. Any turnover in senior management in the future or inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Changes to our Board may disrupt our operations, our strategic focus or our ability to drive stockholder value. Turnover among our Board may disrupt our operations, our strategic focus or our ability to drive stockholder value. If we fail to attract and retain skilled personnel for our Board, our business and growth prospects could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our operations and business. We may face enhanced risks as new business initiatives lead us to engage in new activities. We are pursuing, and expect to continue to pursue, business and strategic initiatives, some of which may expose us to new or enhanced risks. For example, we are in the process of expanding our core offerings while investing in growth opportunities, including blockchain, NFT, and Web 3.0 technology. Legal, regulatory and reputational risks may exist in connection with activities and transactions involving new technology where there is regulatory or legal uncertainty or where there are different or conflicting regulations or laws. Engaging in new initiatives exposes us to a variety of risks, including that we may be unable to successfully develop new, competitive, efficient and effective products, systems and processes, and hire and retain the necessary personnel to support these activities. If and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute these initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. In addition, the actual effects of pursuing these initiatives may differ, possibly materially, from the benefits that we expect to realize from them, such as the generation of additional revenues. Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business and our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Our continued success depends upon customers’ perception of our Company. Any negative publicity relating to our vendors, products, associates and Board members, practices or our Company could damage our reputation and adversely impact our 9 ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Failure to detect, prevent, or mitigate issues that might give rise to reputational risk or failure to adequately address negative publicity or perceptions could adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Operational Risks If we do not maintain the security or privacy of our customer, associate or company information, we could impact our operations, damage our reputation, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. An important part of our business involves the receipt, processing and storage of personal information of our customers and associates, including, in the case of customers, payment information. We have systems and processes in place that are designed to protect against security and data breaches and unauthorized access to confidential information, and are constantly working to upgrade these systems and processes. Despite these efforts, we have been the target of cybersecurity attacks in the past and there is no guarantee that the procedures we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secure data are adequate. A successful cybersecurity attack could lead to significant disruptions in the operations of our systems and business, including our ability to accept payment from customers, unauthorized release of confidential information, including customer payment information and corruption of data. Any such cybersecurity attack may also require significant investment and resources to identify and remediate, may expose us to costly litigation, government investigations, government enforcement actions, fines and/or lawsuits and may significantly harm our reputation with our members and customers. Weather, natural disasters, public health crises and other unexpected events could adversely affect our operating results. The risk or actual occurrence of various unexpected events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Such events may be caused by, for example: natural disasters or extreme weather events; diseases or pandemics (including COVID-19) that have affected and may continue to affect our employees, customers or partners; floods, fires or other catastrophes affecting our properties, employees or customers; cybersecurity attacks, power outages and telecommunications failures affecting our systems; or terrorism, civil unrest, mass violence or violent acts, or other conflicts. Such events can adversely affect our workforce and prevent employees and customers from reaching our stores and properties and can disrupt or disable portions of our supply chain, distribution network and refurbishment operations. They can also affect our information technology systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders. As a consequence of these or other events, we may endure interruption to our operations or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. If our systems fail to perform or are inadequate, our ability to manage our business could be disrupted. We rely on computerized systems to coordinate and manage the activities in our operations, including our ecommerce, store and fulfillment operations. If any of these systems fail to adequately perform their functions, including our point-of-sale, inventory management, information technology or enterprise management systems, our business could be adversely affected. Disruptions to our logistics capability or supply chain may have an adverse impact on our operations. Our logistics services are operated through our fulfillment centers. An interruption of operations at any of these fulfillment centers, whether due to natural disaster or severe weather, or events such as fire, accidents, power outages, systems failures, restrictions on business operations (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic), or other unforeseen causes, could have an adverse effect on our operations in areas served by the affected fulfillment center. These disruptions and their effects are not predictable with certainty and, although they typically can be mitigated, they cannot be eliminated. We seek to mitigate our exposure to these disruptions in several ways. For example, where feasible, we design the configuration of our facilities to reduce the consequences of disasters and other disruptions. We also maintain insurance for our facilities against casualties, and we evaluate our risks and develop contingency plans for dealing with them. Although we have reviewed and analyzed a broad range of disruption risks applicable to our logistics operations, the ones that actually affect us may not be those that we have concluded are most likely to occur. Furthermore, our plans may not be adequate at the time of occurrence for the magnitude of any particular disruption event that we may encounter. We depend on third-party delivery services to deliver products to our retail locations, fulfillment centers and customers on a timely and consistent basis, and changes in the terms we have with these service providers could adversely affect our business and financial position. We rely on third parties for the transportation of products and we cannot be sure that these services will continue to be provided on terms favorable to us, or at all. Delivery and shipping costs have increased from time to time and may continue to increase, and we may not be able to pass these costs directly to our customers. Any increased delivery and shipping costs 10 could harm our business and financial performance by increasing our costs of doing business and reducing our margins. As we continue to increase our ecommerce capabilities, we expect our reliance on third party delivery services to increase. If our relationships with these third parties are terminated or impaired, if we are unable to negotiate acceptable terms with these third parties or if these third parties are unable to deliver products for us, whether due to a labor shortage, slow down or stoppage, responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, or for any other reason, we would be required to use alternative carriers for the shipment of products to our retail locations, fulfillment centers and customers. Changing carriers could have a negative effect on our business and operating results due to the negative impact on customer experience, including reduced visibility of order status and package tracking and delays in order processing and product delivery, and we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis, upon terms favorable to us, or at all. In addition, these third parties have increasingly had demand for their services exceed capacity, in particular during the holiday selling season, and we may be unable to obtain sufficient services to meet our demand or to timely meet our customers' expectations. If our vendors fail to provide marketing and merchandising support at historical levels, our sales and earnings could be negatively impacted. The manufacturers of gaming products have typically provided retailers with significant marketing and merchandising support for their products. As part of this support, we receive cooperative advertising and market development payments from these vendors which enable us to actively promote and merchandise the products we sell and drive sales at our stores and on our websites. If our vendors fail to continue to provide this support at historical levels, our business and financial condition may be negatively impacted. Restrictions on our ability to purchase and sell pre-owned products could negatively affect our business and financial condition. Our financial results depend on our ability to purchase and sell pre-owned products. Actions by manufacturers or publishers of products or governmental authorities to prohibit or limit our ability to purchase or sell pre-owned products, or to limit the ability of consumers to use pre-owned products, could have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. If we are unable to renew or enter into new leases on favorable terms, our earnings may be adversely affected. All of our retail stores are located in leased premises. If the cost of leasing existing stores increases, we cannot assure that we will be able to maintain our existing store locations as leases expire. In addition, we may not be able to enter into new leases on favorable terms or at all, or we may not be able to locate suitable alternative sites in a timely manner. Our revenues and earnings may decline if we fail to maintain existing store locations, enter into new leases, or locate alternative sites. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Changes to tariff and import/export regulations may negatively impact our future financial condition and results of operations. The United States and other countries have from time to time proposed and enacted trade policies that could increase the cost or reduce the availability of certain merchandise. Any measures that could impact the cost or availability of the merchandise we offer could have an adverse impact on our business because a significant portion of the products we offer are purchased from foreign vendors and manufactured in foreign countries. Unfavorable changes in our global tax rate could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. As a result of our operations in many foreign countries, our global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Depending upon the sources of our income, any agreements we may have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and the tax filing positions we take in various jurisdictions, our overall tax rate may be higher than other companies or higher than our tax rates have been in the past. We base our estimate of an annual effective tax rate at any given point in time on a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our business and to estimates of the amount of income to be derived in any given jurisdiction. A change in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country, changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any jurisdiction in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax rate, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of our operations. We also continue to monitor developments related to tax legislation and government policy, including U.S. corporate tax reform. The impact of these potential changes to our business and consolidated financial results cannot be determined until the relevant legislation and policies are finalized. 11 Legislative actions may cause our general and administrative and compliance costs to increase and impact our operations and financial condition. To comply with laws adopted by the U.S. government or other U.S. or foreign regulatory bodies, we may be required to increase our expenditures and hire additional personnel and additional outside legal, accounting and advisory services, all of which may cause our general and administrative and compliance costs to increase. Significant workforce-related legislative changes could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. Examples of possible workforce-related legislative changes include changes to an employer’s obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, and health care mandates. In addition, changes in the regulatory environment affecting Medicare reimbursements, workplace safety (including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic), product safety, privacy and security of customer data, responsible sourcing, environmental protection, and supply chain transparency, and increased compliance costs related to wage and hour statutes, limitations on arbitration/class action waiver agreements and overtime regulations, among others, could cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices. Failure to comply with federal, state, local and international laws, regulations, and statutes applicable to our business could result in an adverse impact to our business and financial condition. As a seller of consumer products, we are also subject to various federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and statutes, including laws relating to product safety and consumer protection, including protection of customer data and privacy. While we take steps to comply with these laws, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance, and failure to comply with these laws could result in litigation, regulatory action and penalties which could have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. In addition, our suppliers might not adhere to product safety requirements and the Company and those suppliers may therefore be subject to involuntary or voluntary product recalls or product liability lawsuits. Direct costs, lost sales and reputational damage associated with product recalls, government enforcement actions, or product liability lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, could have a negative impact on future revenues and results of operations. Our international operations are also subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws applicable to our operations. While we have policies and procedures to ensure compliance with these laws, our associates, contractors, representatives and agents may take actions that violate our policies. Any violations of these laws by any of these persons could have a negative impact on our business. Government regulation of certain of our potential business initiatives are evolving, and we may experience unfavorable changes in or failure to comply with existing or future regulations and laws. The Company continues to explore new business initiatives, including initiatives related to blockchain, digital assets (NFTs) and Web 3.0 technology. These potential business initiatives involve a complex and rapidly evolving mixture of laws and regulations enacted and implemented by U.S., state and local and foreign governments and regulatory authorities. Given the unique and novel nature of the underlying technologies associated with these potential business initiatives, governments and regulatory authorities continue to expand, modify, interpret and re-interpret frequently the legal and regulatory frameworks applied to these initiatives. Such legal and regulatory frameworks may be applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, which may result in conflicting frameworks with one another. Moreover, since there is significant uncertainty associated with the laws and regulations concerning such potential business initiatives, we are required to exercise our judgment as to whether certain laws or regulations apply to the Company and the potential business initiatives or may apply in the future, and it is possible that legislators, regulators and the courts may disagree with our conclusions. As blockchain-based services and products continue to evolve, increasing legislation, regulation and enforcement efforts by federal, state and foreign legislators and agencies, respectively, and the prospect of private litigation claims related to such services and products become more likely, which may negatively impact such potential business initiatives. In addition, the adoption of any laws or regulations, or the imposition of other legal requirements, that may adversely affect our ability to market, sell, and deliver digital assets or other blockchain-based services or products could decrease our ability to offer, or customer demand for, our product offerings, resulting in lower net revenue, and existing or future laws or regulations could impair our ability to provide or expand our product offerings, which could also result in lower net revenue and make us more vulnerable to increased competition. Future regulations, or changes in laws and regulations or their existing interpretations or applications, could also require us to change our business practices, raise compliance or litigation costs or other costs of doing business and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Litigation and the outcomes of such litigation could negatively impact our future financial condition and results of operations. In the ordinary course of our business, we are, from time to time, subject to various litigation and legal proceedings, including matters involving wage and hour associate class actions, stockholder and consumer class actions, tax audits and unclaimed property audits by states. The outcome of litigation and other legal proceedings and the magnitude of potential losses therefrom, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. 12 Certain of these legal proceedings, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may require changes to our business operations that negatively impact our operating results or involve significant liability awards that impact our financial condition. The cost to defend litigation may be significant. As a result, legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The market price of our Class A Common Stock has been extremely volatile and may continue to be volatile due to numerous circumstances beyond our control. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, widely, due to many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation: • “short squeezes”; • comments by securities analysts or other third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media; • large stockholders exiting their position in our Class A Common Stock or an increase or decrease in the short interest in our Class A Common Stock; • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating results; • the timing and allocations of new product releases including new console launches; • shifts in the timing or content of certain promotions or service offerings; • the effect of changes in tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate; • acquisition costs and the integration of companies we acquire or invest in; • the mix of earnings in the countries in which we operate; • the costs associated with the exit of unprofitable markets, businesses or stores; • changes in foreign currency exchange rates; • negative public perception of us, our competitors, or industry; and • overall general market fluctuations. Stock markets in general and our stock price in particular have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies and our Company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A Common Stock. In particular, a large proportion of our Class A Common Stock has been and may continue to be traded by short sellers which has put and may continue to put pressure on the supply and demand for our Class A Common Stock, further influencing volatility in its market price. These and other external factors have caused and may continue to cause the market price and demand for our Class A Common Stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent our stockholders from readily selling their shares of our common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our Class A Common Stock. A “short squeeze” due to a sudden increase in demand for shares of our Class A Common Stock that largely exceeds supply has led to, and may continue to lead to, extreme price volatility in shares of our Class A Common Stock. Investors may purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock to hedge existing exposure or to speculate on the price of our Class A Common Stock. Speculation on the price of our Class A Common Stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock available for purchase on the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase shares of our Class A Common Stock for delivery to lenders of our Class A Common Stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock until additional shares of our Class A Common Stock are available for trading or borrowing. This is often referred to as a “short squeeze.” A large proportion of our Class A Common Stock has been and may continue to be traded by short sellers which may increase the likelihood that our Class A Common Stock will be the target of a short squeeze. A short squeeze has previously led and could continue to lead to volatile price movements in shares of our Class A Common Stock that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance or prospects and, once investors purchase the shares of our Class A Common Stock necessary to cover their short positions, the price of our Class A Common Stock may rapidly decline. Stockholders that purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock during a short squeeze may lose a significant portion of their investment. 13 Information available in public media that is published by third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media may include statements not attributable to the Company and may not be reliable or accurate. We have received, and may continue to receive, a high degree of media coverage that is published or otherwise disseminated by third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media. This includes coverage that is not attributable to statements made by our officers or associates. Information provided by third parties may not be reliable or accurate and could materially impact the trading price of our Class A Common Stock which could cause stockholders to lose their investments. A large number of shares of our Class A Common Stock available for future sale could adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock and may be dilutive to current stockholders. The sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A Common Stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the price for our Class A Common Stock. Our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of additional authorized but unissued Class A Common Stock or other authorized but unissued securities at any time, including pursuant to equity incentive plans. In addition, we have filed a registration statement with the SEC, allowing us to offer, from time to time and at any time, equity securities (including common or preferred stock), subject to market conditions and other factors. Accordingly, we may, from time to time and at any time, seek to offer and sell our equity securities, including sales of our Class A common stock pursuant to an at-the-market program, based upon market conditions and other factors. Future sales of a substantial amount of our Class A Common Stock in the public markets by our insiders, or the perception that these sales may occur, may cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to decline. Our employees, directors and officers, and their affiliates, hold substantial amounts of shares of our Class A Common Stock. Sales of a substantial number of such shares by these stockholders, or the perception that such sales will occur, may cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to decline. Other than restrictions on trading that arise under securities laws (or pursuant to our securities trading policy that is intended to facilitate compliance with securities laws), including the prohibition on trading in securities by or on behalf of a person who is aware of nonpublic material information, we have no restrictions on the right of our employees, directors and officers, and their affiliates, to sell their unrestricted shares of Class A Common Stock. Risks Related to Financial Performance and Reporting Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter depending upon several factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: • the timing and allocations of new product releases including new console launches; the amounts devoted to strategic investments, including in multi-channel capabilities and other business initiatives, and failure to achieve anticipated profitability and benefits from such initiatives within the expected time-frames, or at all; • timing and extent of the achievement of anticipated profits from investments, if at all; • shifts in the timing or content of certain promotions or service offerings; • the effect of changes in tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate; • acquisition costs and the integration of companies we acquire or invest in; • the mix of earnings in the countries in which we operate; • the costs associated with the exit of unprofitable markets, businesses or stores; and • changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These and other factors could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and this makes the prediction of our financial results on a quarterly basis difficult. Also, it is possible that our quarterly financial results may be below the expectations of public market analysts. The agreement governing our revolving credit facility restricts our current and future operations. The agreement governing our revolving credit facility contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and certain of our subsidiaries and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including limitations on additional liens, investments, acquisitions, loans, guarantees, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, certain fundamental changes, certain dispositions, certain dividends and distributions, and certain related party transactions. A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the agreement governing our revolving 14 credit facility could result in an event of default. Such an event of default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, an event of default under the revolving credit facility would permit the lenders under our revolving credit facility to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under that facility. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under our revolving credit facility, those lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. If our lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. As a result of these restrictions we may be limited in how we conduct our business, unable to raise additional debt or equity financing necessary to operate during general economic or business downturns, or unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. Accordingly, these restrictions may affect our ability to operate in accordance with our strategy. To fund our operations, we require cash. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to meet such obligations. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our business will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our business, we may have to sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital. We cannot provide assurance that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales or, that additional capital could be raised. We and our subsidiaries may incur additional debt. This could further increase the risks associated with our leverage. Although our revolving credit facility agreement contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Additionally, these restrictions will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. Such future indebtedness or obligations may have restrictions similar to, or more restrictive than, those included in our revolving credit facility agreement. The incurrence of additional indebtedness could impact our financial condition and results of operations. If our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective, our business may be adversely affected and we may lose market confidence in our reported financial information, which could adversely impact our business and stock price. Effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements because of inherent limitations. These limitations include, among others, the possibility of human error, inadequacy or circumvention of controls and fraud. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to report financial information timely and accurately could be adversely affected. As a result, we could lose investor confidence and become subject to litigation or investigations, which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition and our stock price.