Item 1A. Risk Factors . 10 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 21 Item 2. Properties . 22 Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 24 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 24 Item 6. Selected Financial Data . 25 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 34 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 36 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 69 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 69 Item 9B. Other Information . 71 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 71 Item 11. Executive Compensation . 72 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 72 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 72 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services . 72 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules . 72 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 77 SIGNATURES 78 i Table of Contents COMMONLY USED OR DEFINED TERMS Term Definition ASR Accelerated share repurchase ASU Accounting Standards Update BODFS Buy Online, Deliver From Store BOPIS Buy Online, Pickup In Store BORIS Buy Online, Return In Store BOSS Buy Online, Ship to Store CDP The not-for-profit organization formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project CFL Compact fluorescent light Comparable sales As defined in the Results of Operations and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD&A DIFM Do-It-For-Me DIY Do-It-Yourself EH&S Environmental, Health, and Safety EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ESG Environmental, social and governance ESPP Employee Stock Purchase Plan Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FIRST phone Web-enabled handheld device used by associates in our stores fiscal 2015 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2016 (includes 52 weeks) fiscal 2016 Fiscal year ended January 29, 2017 (includes 52 weeks) fiscal 2017 Fiscal year ended January 28, 2018 (includes 52 weeks) fiscal 2018 Fiscal year ended February 3, 2019 (includes 53 weeks) fiscal 2019 Fiscal year ended February 2, 2020 (includes 52 weeks) fiscal 2020 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 (includes 52 weeks) fiscal 2021 Fiscal year ending January 30, 2022 (includes 52 weeks) GAAP U.S. generally accepted accounting principles HD Supply HD Supply Holdings, Inc. IRS Internal Revenue Service LIBOR London interbank offered rate MD&A Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MRO Maintenance, repair, and operations NOPAT Net operating profit after tax NYSE New York Stock Exchange PLCC Private label credit card Pro Professional customer Restoration Plan Home Depot FutureBuilder Restoration Plan ROIC Return on invested capital SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended SG&A Selling, general, and administrative Tax Act Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ii Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 Certain statements contained herein, as well as in other filings we make with the SEC and other written and oral information we release, regarding our future performance constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related recovery on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition (which, among other things, may affect many of the items listed below); the demand for our products and services; net sales growth; comparable sales; effects of competition; our brand and reputation; implementation of store, interconnected retail, supply chain and technology initiatives; inventory and in-stock positions; state of the economy; state of the housing and home improvement markets; state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans, and consumer credit; impact of tariffs; issues related to the payment methods we accept; demand for credit offerings; management of relationships with our associates, suppliers and service providers; international trade disputes, natural disasters, public health issues (including pandemics and quarantines, related shut-downs and other governmental orders, and similar restrictions, as well as subsequent re-openings), and other business interruptions that could disrupt supply or delivery of, or demand for, the Company’s products or services; continuation or suspension of share repurchases; net earnings performance; earnings per share; dividend targets; capital allocation and expenditures; liquidity; return on invested capital; expense leverage; stock-based compensation expense; commodity price inflation and deflation; the ability to issue debt on terms and at rates acceptable to us; the impact and expected outcome of investigations, inquiries, claims, and litigation, including compliance with related settlements; the effect of accounting charges; the effect of adopting certain accounting standards; the impact of regulatory changes, including changes to tax laws and regulations; store openings and closures; financial outlook; and the impact of acquired companies, including HD Supply, on our organization and the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of those acquisitions. Forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control, dependent on actions of third parties, or currently unknown to us – as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere in this report and also as may be described from time to time in future reports we file with the SEC. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements other than as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our filings with the SEC and in our other public statements. iii Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. Introduction The Home Depot, Inc. is the world’s largest home improvement retailer based on net sales for fiscal 2020. We offer our customers a wide assortment of building materials, home improvement products, lawn and garden products, décor products, and facilities maintenance, repair and operations products and provide a number of services, including home improvement installation services and tool and equipment rental. As of the end of fiscal 2020, we had 2,296 The Home Depot stores located throughout the U.S. (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam), Canada, and Mexico. The Home Depot stores average approximately 104,000 square feet of enclosed space, with approximately 24,000 additional square feet of outside garden area. We also maintain a network of distribution and fulfillment centers, as well as a number of e-commerce websites. When we refer to “The Home Depot,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” in this report, we are referring to The Home Depot, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Home Depot, Inc. is a Delaware corporation that was incorporated in 1978. Our Store Support Center (corporate office) is located at 2455 Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. Our telephone number at that address is (770) 433-8211. Our Business Our Strategy The retail landscape has changed rapidly over the past several years, with customer expectations constantly evolving and the agility required to meet these expectations increasing. In fiscal 2020, this trend was accelerated due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which both spurred significant growth in home improvement demand and drove operational changes required to promote customer and associate safety. Our ability to operate successfully and meet the needs of our customers in the pandemic environment successfully was due in significant part to the transformational journey we began in 2017 to create the One Home Depot experience, our vision of an interconnected, frictionless shopping experience that enables our customers to seamlessly blend the digital and physical worlds. Our multi-year accelerated investment program to create this experience is now largely complete. Our investments have been guided by the following strategies: • Invest using a “customer-back” approach • Reinforce our position as the product authority in home improvement • Deliver a best-in-class, interconnected shopping experience • Extend our low-cost provider position These strategic investments are designed to extend our current competitive advantages. We believe our primary competitive advantages are: (1) our culture and associates, (2) our premium real estate, (3) our world-class merchandising organization, (4) our flexible supply chain, and (5) our digital experience. Taken together, our One Home Depot vision and execution of the related strategies are helping us to meet our two principal business objectives: continue to grow our share of the highly competitive market in which we operate and deliver shareholder value. We believe that our efforts to build the One Home Depot experience, and the groundwork we laid in these areas over the past decade, position us well to meet our objectives in any environment and have been particularly important in navigating the challenges created by the pandemic. We achieved record sales in fiscal 2020, while remaining focused on two key priorities: the safety and well-being of our associates and customers and providing our customers and communities with the products and services they need. We also remained focused on our objective to return value to our shareholders. We are steadfast in this commitment, while also recognizing that exercising corporate responsibility and being informed by the needs of our other stakeholders, including our customers, associates, supplier partners, and communities, creates value for all stakeholders, including our shareholders. Our Customers We serve two primary customer groups, consumers (including both DIY and DIFM customers) and professional customers, and have developed different approaches to meet their diverse needs: DIY Customers. These customers are typically homeowners who purchase products and complete their own projects and installations. Our associates assist these customers both in our stores and through online resources 1 Table of Contents and other media designed to provide product and project knowledge. We also offer a variety of clinics and workshops both to share this knowledge and to build an emotional connection with our DIY customers. Professional Customers (or “Pros”) . These customers are primarily professional renovators/remodelers, general contractors, handymen, property managers, building service contractors and specialty tradesmen, such as electricians, plumbers and painters. These customers build, renovate, remodel, repair and maintain residential properties, multifamily properties, hospitality properties and commercial facilities, including education, healthcare, government, institutional, and office buildings and facilities. We have a number of initiatives to drive growth with our Pro customers, including a customized online experience, a dedicated sales force, an extensive delivery network, enhanced credit offerings and inventory management programs. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we extended our reach in the MRO marketplace with our acquisition of HD Supply, a leading national distributor of MRO products in the multifamily and hospitality end markets. Our MRO operations use a distribution center-based model that sells products primarily through a professional sales force, e-commerce and print catalogs. We recognize the great value our Pro customers provide to their clients, and we strive to make their jobs easier and help them grow their businesses. We believe that investments aimed at deepening our relationships with our Pro customers are yielding increased engagement and will continue to translate into incremental spend. DIFM Customers. Intersecting our DIY customers and our Pros are our DIFM customers. These customers are typically homeowners who use Pros to complete their project or installation. Currently, we offer installation services in a variety of categories, such as flooring, cabinets and cabinet makeovers, countertops, furnaces and central air systems, and windows. DIFM customers can purchase these services in our stores, online, or in their homes through in-home consultations. In addition to serving our DIFM customer needs, we believe our focus on the Pros who perform services for these customers helps us drive higher product sales. Our Products and Services We believe our merchandising organization is a key competitive advantage, which we maintain by delivering product innovation, assortment and value, which reinforces our position as the product authority in home improvement. In fiscal 2020, we continued to invest in merchandising resets in our stores to refine assortments, introduce a wide range of innovative new products to our DIY and Pro customers, and improve visual merchandising to drive a better shopping experience. At the same time, we remain focused on offering everyday values in our stores and online. A typical The Home Depot store stocks approximately 30,000 to 40,000 items during the year, including both national brand name and proprietary products. Our online product offerings complement our stores by serving as an extended aisle, and we offer a significantly broader product assortment through our websites, including homedepot.com, our primary website; blinds.com, our online site for custom window coverings; and thecompanystore.com, our online site for textiles and décor products. To help our merchandising organization keep pace with changing customer expectations and increasing desire for innovation, localization and personalization, we are continuing to invest in tools to better leverage our data and drive a deeper level of collaboration with supplier partners. As a result, we have continued to focus on enhanced merchandising information technology tools to help us: (1) build an interconnected shopping experience that is tailored to our customers’ personas, shopping context, and location; (2) ensure we have the best value in the market; and (3) optimize our product assortments. To complement our merchandising efforts, we offer a number of services for our customers, including special programs for our Pro customers to meet their particular needs and installation services for our DIY and DIFM customers. We also provide tool and equipment rentals at over 1,300 locations across the U.S. and Canada, providing value and convenience for both our Pro and DIY customers. To improve the customer experience and continue to grow this differentiated service offering, we are continuing to invest in more locations, more tools, and better technology. Sourcing and Quality Assurance. We maintain a global sourcing program to obtain high-quality and innovative products directly from manufacturers around the world. During fiscal 2020, in addition to our U.S. sourcing operations, we maintained sourcing offices in Mexico, Canada, China, India, Vietnam and Europe. To ensure that suppliers adhere to our high standards of social and environmental responsibility, we also have a global responsible sourcing program. Our suppliers are contractually obligated to ensure that their products comply with applicable international, federal, state and local laws. All of our suppliers must also comply with our responsible sourcing standards, which cover a variety of expectations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency, health and safety, environment, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced 2 Table of Contents labor. To drive accountability with our suppliers, we conduct factory audits and compliance visits. Our 2020 Responsible Sourcing Report, available on our website at https://corporate.homedepot.com/responsibility/sourcing-responsibility, provides more information about this program. In addition, we have both quality assurance and engineering resources dedicated to establishing criteria and overseeing compliance with safety, quality and performance standards for our proprietary branded products. Intellectual Property. Our business has one of the most recognized brands in North America. As a result, we believe that The Home Depot ® trademark has significant value and is an important factor in the marketing of our products, e-commerce, stores and business. We have registered or applied for registration of trademarks, service marks, copyrights and internet domain names, both domestically and internationally, for use in our business, including our proprietary brands such as HDX ® , Husky ® , Hampton Bay ® , Home Decorators Collection ® , Glacier Bay ® , Vigoro ® , Everbilt ® and Lifeproof ® . The duration of trademark registrations varies from country to country. However, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. We also maintain patent portfolios relating to some of our products and services and seek to patent or otherwise protect innovations we incorporate into our products or business operations. Patents generally have a term of twenty years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over time, the remaining terms of the individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. Although our patents have value, no single patent is essential to our business. We will continue to assess our merchandising departments and product lines for opportunities to expand the assortment of products offered within The Home Depot’s portfolio of proprietary and exclusive brands. Competition and Seasonality Our industry is highly competitive, very fragmented, and evolving. As a result, we face competition for our products and services from a variety of retailers, suppliers, distributors and manufacturers that sell products directly to their respective customer bases, and service providers, ranging from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online. These competitors include a number of other home improvement retailers; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, local, regional and national hardware stores, paint stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent building supply stores, MRO companies, home décor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental. The internet facilitates competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face. We compete primarily based on customer experience, price, quality, availability, product assortment, and delivery options, both in-store and online. We also compete based on store location and appearance, presentation of merchandise, and ease of shopping experience. Furthermore, with respect to delivery options, customers are increasingly seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, low-price or free shipping, and/or convenient pickup options, including curbside pickup. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including the success of our supply chain investments, described more fully under “One Supply Chain” below. Our business is subject to seasonal influences. Generally, our highest volume of sales occurs in our second fiscal quarter, and the lowest volume occurs either during our first or fourth fiscal quarter. Interconnected Shopping Experience Our customers are shopping and interacting with us differently today than they did several years ago. As a result, we have taken a number of steps to provide our customers with a seamless and frictionless interconnected shopping experience across our stores, online, on the job site, and in their homes, focusing on continued investments in our website and mobile apps to enhance the digital customer experience. Digital Experience. Enhancements to our digital properties are critical for our increasingly interconnected customers, who research products online and check available inventory before going into one of our stores to view the products in person or talk to an associate and then make their purchase in store or online. While in the store, customers may also go online to access ratings and reviews, compare prices, view our extended assortment, and purchase additional products. Our investments in a truly interconnected experience are focused on bringing together the power of our physical retail presence and the frictionless interaction of our digital capabilities. Many of our interconnected customers are also comfortable with a purely online shopping experience. A significant majority of the traffic in our digital channels is on a mobile device. Mobile customers expect more simplicity and relevancy in their digital interactions. As a result, we have made significant investments to our digital properties to 3 Table of Contents improve the overall presentation and ease of navigation for the user. We have also enhanced the “shopability” of an online product by including more information on the product’s landing page, including related products and/or parts of a collection, and a multitude of fulfillment options. Our focus on improving search capabilities, site functionality, category presentation, product content, speed to checkout, and enhanced fulfillment options has yielded higher traffic, better conversion and continued sales growth. It has also been critical during the pandemic, as customers have gravitated even more to the digital environment. Further, we do not view the interconnected shopping experience as a specific transaction; rather, we believe it encompasses an entire journey from inspiration and know-how, to purchase and fulfillment, to post-purchase care and support, most of which takes place in the digital world. From the inspirational point of the purchase journey to providing product know-how, we are investing in the infrastructure and capabilities needed to deliver the most relevant marketing messages to our customers based upon what is important for them today. Customers expect more personalized messaging, so we are focusing on connecting marketing activities with the online and in-store experiences to create a seamless series of engagements across channels. Store Experience. Our stores remain the hub of our business, and we are investing to improve the customer shopping experience through easier navigation and increasing the convenience and speed of checkout. For several years, our associates have used our FIRST phones to help expedite the online order checkout process, locate products in the aisles and online, and check inventory on hand. To improve the customer’s experience in our stores, we have also empowered our customers with additional self-help tools, including mobile app-enabled store navigation. Our app provides store-specific maps, which allow customers to pinpoint the exact location of an item on their mobile devices. We have also made significant progress in our strategic store investments. In fiscal 2020, we completed the implementation of our wayfinding sign and store refresh package in all of our U.S. stores. This package included more intuitive signage, better lighting, and other store enhancements. To support our interconnected growth, we continued the roll out of self-service lockers and online order storage areas at the front entrance to offer convenient pickup of online orders. We also tested our electronic shelf label capabilities, used initially in our appliance department, in additional merchandising departments. Our store investments also include the re-design of the front end area, including reconfigured service desks, improved layouts in all checkout areas, and expanded and enhanced self-checkout options. We completed the upgrade to our self-checkout machines in fiscal 2019; however, due to the unique challenges presented by the pandemic, we paused the updates of the rest of our front ends. As we continue to learn the new ways our customers interact with our stores, we will resume upgrades as appropriate. We believe the investments we have made to date are driving higher customer satisfaction scores. Investing in Associate Productivity . We continually strive to improve our store operations for our associates. Our goal is to remove complexity and inefficient processes from the stores to allow our associates to focus on our customers. To this end, we have focused our efforts in such areas as optimizing product flow to decrease the amount of time a store associate spends locating product and to improve on-shelf product availability; creating a simpler order management system; expanding in-aisle, real-time mobile learning tools for our associates’ own development and to assist with customer questions; and using labor model tools to better align associate activity with customer needs. Investing in Safety . We are committed to maintaining a safe shopping and working environment for our customers and associates. We empower trained EH&S associates to evaluate, develop, implement and enforce policies, processes and programs on a Company-wide basis. Our EH&S policies are woven into our everyday operations and are part of The Home Depot culture. Some common program elements include: daily store inspection checklists (by department); routine follow-up audits from our store-based safety team members and regional, district and store operations field teams; equipment enhancements and preventative maintenance programs to promote physical safety; departmental merchandising safety standards; training and education programs for all associates, with varying degrees of training provided based on an associate’s role and responsibilities; and awareness, communication and recognition programs designed to drive operational awareness and an understanding of EH&S matters. We also implemented a number of additional measures for the safety of our associates and customers in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 4 Table of Contents One Supply Chain We continue to focus on building best-in-class competitive advantages in our information technology and supply chain to be responsive to our customers’ expectations for how, when and where they choose to receive our products and services. As part of creating the One Home Depot experience, we are investing approximately $1 billion in the multi-year development of our One Supply Chain network, with the goal of achieving the fastest, most efficient delivery capabilities in home improvement. Our efforts are focused on ensuring product availability and increasing the speed and reliability of delivery for our customers while managing our costs. We centrally forecast and replenish the vast majority of our store products through sophisticated inventory management systems and utilize our network of distribution centers to serve both our stores’ and customers’ needs. Our supply chain includes multiple distribution center platforms in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico tailored to meet the needs of our stores and customers based on types of products, location, transportation, and delivery requirements. These platforms primarily include rapid deployment centers, stocking distribution centers, bulk distribution centers, and direct fulfillment centers. As part of building One Supply Chain, we have invested to further automate and mechanize our rapid deployment center network to drive efficiency and faster movement of product. We are also expanding our fulfillment network, investing in a significant number of new fulfillment facilities to drive speed and reliability of delivery for our customers and to help us meet our goal of reaching 90% of the U.S. population with same or next day delivery for extended home improvement and MRO product offerings, including big and bulky products. These facilities include omni-channel fulfillment centers, which deliver product directly to customers, and market delivery operations, which function as local hubs to consolidate freight for dispatch to customers for the final mile of delivery, with a focus on items like appliances. We are also adding flatbed distribution centers, which handle large items like lumber that are transported on flatbed trucks. As of the end of fiscal 2020, we have opened several of these various types of fulfillment facilities and will continue to build out our fulfillment network over the next few years. This network is designed to create a competitive advantage with unique, industry-leading capabilities for home improvement needs. In addition to our distribution and fulfillment centers, we leverage our approximately 2,000 U.S. stores as a network of convenient customer pickup, return, and delivery fulfillment locations. Our premium real estate footprint provides a distinct structural and competitive advantage. For customers who shop online and wish to pick up or return merchandise at, or have merchandise delivered from, our U.S. stores, we have fully implemented our four interconnected retail programs: BOSS, BOPIS, BODFS, and BORIS. In fiscal 2020, to meet customer needs due to the pandemic, we rapidly rolled out curbside pickup to complement our BOPIS offerings, in addition to the self-service lockers at the front entrance of many of our stores. We also offer express car and van delivery service that covers over 70% of the U.S. population. As of the end of fiscal 2020, approximately 60% of our U.S. online orders were fulfilled through a store. We also continue to focus on developing new capabilities to improve both efficiency and customer experience in our store delivery program. Our strategic intent is to have a portfolio of efficient, timely and reliable sources and methods of delivery to choose from, optimizing order fulfillment and delivery based on customer needs, inventory locations and available transportation links. Corporate Responsibility and Human Capital Management We organize our environmental, social and governance efforts around three pillars: (1) Focus on People, (2) Operate Sustainably, and (3) Strengthen our Communities. Highlights of each of these pillars are set forth below. These pillars are reflective of our commitment to ESG and are fundamentally embedded in our operations and culture. We believe this approach creates value for all of our stakeholders, including our customers, associates, supplier partners, and the communities we serve, in turn creating long-term value for our shareholders. For further information on our three pillars and other ESG-related matters, see our annual Responsibility Report, available on our website at https://corporate.homedepot.com/responsibility. Focus on People. Our culture and our associates provide intangible and hard-to-replicate competitive advantages. We leverage these competitive advantages to provide an outstanding customer experience by putting customers first and taking care of our associates. Culture and Values . The Home Depot has a strong commitment to ethics and integrity, and we are a values- and culture-centric business. Our commitment to our core values drives our approach to human capital management. Our culture is based on our servant leadership philosophy represented by the inverted pyramid, which puts primary importance on our customers and our associates by positioning them at the top, with senior management at the base in a support role. We bring our culture to life through our core values, which serve as the foundation of our business and the guiding principles behind the decisions we make every day. 5 Table of Contents We empower our associates to deliver a superior customer experience by living our values, and we position our associates to embody our core values by integrating the importance of our culture into ongoing development programs, performance management practices, and rewards programs. Leaders participate in programs designed to build and strengthen our culture, such as training on leadership skills, cross-functional collaboration, inclusiveness, associate engagement, and unconscious bias. Our core values are at the root of all of our human capital management programs. Our Workforce . At the end of fiscal 2020, we employed approximately 504,800 associates, of whom approximately 35,700 were salaried, with the remainder compensated on an hourly basis. Set forth below is the geographic makeup of our workforce. Geographic Location Number of Associates % of Total Workforce United States 451,500 89.4% Canada 34,400 6.8% Mexico 18,600 3.7% Other (1) 300 0.1% Total 504,800 100% (1) Includes associates in our sourcing organization located in China, Vietnam, India, Italy, Poland and Turkey. Talent Attraction and Development . As we attract and hire new associates, we strive to create a customer-like experience for jobseekers as they progress through the steps of our recruiting process by focusing on speed and personalization. We employ targeted marketing practices through our careers website, which personalizes the user’s experience based on jobseeker location and searching behavior. Jobseekers can also apply for roles from anywhere using any device. Once a jobseeker has applied for a role, we prioritize self-service by allowing candidates to schedule or reschedule interviews directly from their mobile device. Lastly, we create a quick hiring process for candidates by leveraging job-matching automation. We offer all of our associates the opportunity to benefit from robust development opportunities. We invest in ongoing growth and development by integrating our culture and values into our performance management practices, providing coaching through continuous leader support, and empowering our associates to learn new skills at their own pace through mobile applications our associates can access at any time. We equip our leaders with the tools they need to develop themselves and their teams through several programs designed to help them lead inclusively, empower their teams, and serve as mentors for our associates. Associate Engagement . Associate engagement is the emotional commitment associates have to The Home Depot and our goals. It is vital to our culture and to our success. We create an engaging workplace by continuously listening to and acting on associate feedback. We provide several pulse check surveys to groups of associates throughout the year that help us determine how emotionally connected those associates are to our customers, the Company, their jobs, fellow associates, and leaders. In addition, our annual Voice of the Associate survey, which includes all associates, serves as our primary means of gauging associates’ level of engagement within their roles. We use the feedback from these surveys to help improve the overall associate experience. Through the years, the results from our surveys have consistently indicated that, on average, four out of five associates are emotionally committed and fully engaged. We also maintain a digital associate engagement platform that links associates with 6 Table of Contents common interests and fuels connections to co-workers and company leaders. Additionally, we have a number of programs to recognize stores and individual associates for exceptional customer service. Diversity and Inclusion . We believe that a diverse and inclusive workplace is key to our success. We are committed to our core values, and we strive to foster a diverse and inclusive environment where our associates are valued and respected. We work to build a workplace, retail space, and Company that reflects the customers and communities we serve. In particular, in 2020 we elevated and expanded our Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion to enhance our focus on associate diversity, supplier diversity, and our support of community- and education-related programs designed to close the wealth gap and enhance education outcomes across underserved and under-represented communities. 2020 Diversity & Inclusion Data (1) Associate Population Race/Ethnicity Gender % Minority % White % Female % Male U.S. Workforce 47% 53% 38% 62% U.S. Managers & Above (2) 35% 65% 32% 68% U.S. Officers 25% 75% 29% 71% (1) Information as of December 1, 2020, consistent with the date used to collect comparable data for our reporting of workforce diversity data to the Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. (2) Does not include officers. As a Company, we have identified several priorities designed to guide our efforts to enhance diversity, equity and inclusion. We believe these associate- and supplier-focused priorities also enhance our customers’ experience: • Associates ◦ Increase diverse representation throughout our organization ◦ Create an environment where every associate feels included and valued for who they are ◦ Promote equal opportunity in recruitment, hiring, training, development and advancement • Suppliers ◦ Increase use of and spend with diverse suppliers ◦ Develop diverse suppliers by providing mentorship and sharing resources Compensation and Benefits . Consistent with our core values, we take care of our people by offering competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits programs. We continuously make wage investments to ensure our compensation packages reflect the evolving circumstances across our markets, and our profit-sharing program for hourly associates provides semi-annual cash awards for performance against our business plan. In the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we began to transition from the temporary COVID-19 benefits we provided to our associates during the pandemic (as discussed in more detail below) to permanent compensation enhancements for our frontline, hourly associates. In addition, our associates can take advantage of a range of benefits, including healthcare and wellness programs, a 401(k) match, personal finance education and advisory services, assistance programs to help with managing personal and work-life challenges, family support programs, and educational assistance. Our Response to COVID-19 . Our decisions and actions throughout the pandemic have been guided by our culture and rooted in our commitment to our values of doing the right thing and taking care of our associates. In fiscal 2020, we provided enhanced pay and benefits to our associates to help alleviate some of the challenges they may have been facing because of the pandemic. Over the course of the year, the enhanced pay and benefits included the following: • An additional 80 hours of paid time off for all full-time hourly associates and 40 hours of paid time off for part-time hourly associates to be used at their discretion and paid out if not used. • For associates 65 years of age or older or who fell into a high-risk category according to guidelines of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, we provided a total of 160 additional hours of paid time off for full-time hourly associates and 80 additional hours for part-time hourly associates. • Additional weekly bonuses to hourly associates in stores and distribution and fulfillment centers. • Double pay for overtime hours worked by hourly associates. • Extended dependent care benefits with the related co-pays waived. • Unlimited emotional and mental health counseling visits for associates. 7 Table of Contents As noted above, in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we began to transition from these temporary COVID-19 benefits to permanent compensation enhancements for our frontline, hourly associates. For fiscal 2020, the enhanced pay and benefits collectively resulted in additional expense of approximately $2.0 billion. Operating Sustainably. We have a long-standing and substantial commitment to sustainable business operations, from the products and services we offer to our customers; to our store construction, maintenance and operations; to our supply chain and packaging initiatives; to an ethical sourcing program. As we strive to operate sustainably, we have focused on protecting the climate, reducing our environmental impact, and sourcing responsibly, and we have set specific, measurable goals to drive progress in these areas. Our 2020 Responsibility Report, available on our website at https://corporate.homedepot.com/responsibility, includes more information on our goals, as well as specific initiatives we have in place to help achieve these goals. Below are highlights of our sustainability program. Our Environmental Goals . We currently have several major commitments to help combat climate change and reduce our environmental footprint: Year Announced Goal Progress 2015 Store Energy Usage : Reduce our U.S. stores’ kilowatt-hour energy use by 20% over 2010 levels by 2020 Completed 2015 Renewable/Alternative Energy Sources : Produce and procure, on an annual basis, 135 megawatts of energy through renewable or alternative energy sources, such as wind, solar and fuel cell technology, by 2020 Completed 2017 Customer Greenhouse Gas Emissions : Help reduce North American customers’ greenhouse gas emissions by 20 million metric tons by 2020 Completed 2017 Customer Energy and Water Savings : Help customers save $2.5 billion in electricity costs and reduce water use by 250 billion gallons by 2020 Completed 2017 Paint Chemical Reduction : Reduce suspect chemicals in paints by 2020 Completed 2018 Cleaning Products Chemical Reduction : Reduce suspect chemicals in cleaning products by 2022 In Process 2018 Science-Based Carbon Emissions Targets : Commit to a 2.1% annual reduction in carbon emissions, with the goal to achieve a 40% reduction by 2030 and a 50% reduction by 2035 In Process 2019 Recyclable Packaging : Exclude expanded polystyrene foam (EPS) and polyvinyl chloride (PVC) film from the packaging of private-brand products we sell, replacing them with easier-to-recycle materials by 2023 In Process 2020 NEW GOAL for Renewable/Alternative Energy Sources : Produce or procure, on an annual basis, 335 megawatts of renewable or alternative energy by 2025 In Process Our Environmental Programs and Initiatives. In order to progress against these goals, we have a large number of environmentally-focused programs and initiatives, including: • Store Operations and Renewable/Alternative Energy . We have reduced store energy consumption through initiatives such as LED lighting upgrades; installation of energy efficient HVAC systems; participation in demand mitigation; on-site alternative or renewable energy projects such as fuel cells and solar panels; and contracts with off-site wind and solar power providers. • Product Offerings. Through our Eco Options ® program introduced in 2007, we have helped our customers more easily identify products that meet specifications for energy efficiency, water conservation, healthy home, clean air, and sustainable forestry. Beginning in 2019, we added circular economy, which targets the reduction of waste through recycling and reuse. Under our Eco Options program, we sell ENERGY STAR ® certified appliances; WaterSense ® -labeled bath faucets, showerheads, aerators, toilets, and irrigation controllers; LED light bulbs; tankless water heaters, and many other products. These products, through proper use, help our customers save money on their utility bills and reduce their environmental impact. • In-Store Recycling Programs. We offer recycling programs in the U.S., including in-store recycling programs for CFL bulbs, rechargeable batteries, and cardboard, and a lead acid battery exchange program. 8 Table of Contents • Chemical Strategy. We are committed to increasing our assortment of products that meet high environmental standards, and we encourage our suppliers to invest in developing environmentally-innovative products. Each year, we evaluate our Chemical Strategy, first published in 2017, to ensure our approach and goals are appropriate. • Sustainable Packaging. In addition to our goal related to EPS and PVC, we are continually working with suppliers to find ways to make product packaging more recyclable or simply use less materials, such as the reduction of single-use plastics. • Supply Chain Optimization. Through our One Supply Chain initiatives, we are working to optimize every load and maximize every mile to make our supply chain more efficient. We also utilize hydrogen fuel cell technology in our forklifts and have started using electric 18-wheelers for deliveries to make our supply chain even more environmentally friendly. • CDP Participation . We are a long-standing participant in the annual CDP reporting process. CDP is an independent, international, not-for-profit organization providing a global system for companies and cities to measure, disclose, manage, and share environmental information. In January 2021, we received a score of “A-” from CDP, reflecting leadership and a high level of action on climate change mitigation, adaptation and transparency. Over the past several years, our commitment to sustainable operations has resulted in a number of environmental awards and recognitions, including EPA Retail Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence for our overall excellence in energy efficiency; EPA WaterSense ® Sustained Excellence Award for our overall excellence in water efficiency; and EPA SmartWay Excellence Award, which recognized us as an industry leader in freight supply chain environmental performance and energy efficiency. Strengthen our Communities. One of our core values is “Giving Back,” and we support our communities in a number of ways. The Home Depot Foundation focuses on improving the lives of U.S. veterans, assisting communities affected by natural disasters, and training skilled tradespeople to fill the labor gap. Our Team Depot associate volunteers provide hundreds of thousands of volunteer hours each year on a wide variety of projects. We partner with diverse suppliers and organizations to further support our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. We have also contributed more than $50 million to support community needs during the COVID-19 pandemic. Please see our 2020 Responsibility Report for additional information. Deliver Shareholder Value We deliver on our objective to create shareholder value through our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our first use of cash is to reinvest in our business to drive growth faster than the market. In fiscal 2020, we achieved this growth through our continued investments to create the One Home Depot experience. We also focus on driving productivity throughout the business to lower our costs. The combination of reinvesting in the business to drive higher sales and lowering costs creates what we refer to as a virtuous cycle, which has allowed us to improve the customer experience, increase our competitiveness in the market, and deliver shareholder value. The use of the remainder of our cash is guided by our shareholder return principles: • Dividend Principle. We look to increase our dividend every year as we grow earnings. • Return on Invested Capital Principle. Our goal is to maintain a high return on invested capital, benchmarking all uses of excess liquidity against the value created for our shareholders through share repurchases. • Share Repurchase Principle. After meeting the needs of the business, we will look to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. Following these principles, we increased our dividend in February 2020, returning value to shareholders through $6.5 billion in cash dividends, which we maintained throughout the year. We had cash payments of $791 million for share repurchases in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, until we suspended share repurchases in March 2020 to ensure sufficient liquidity to meet the needs of the business during the pandemic. Share repurchases remain part of our strategy for returning value to shareholders, and we resumed our share repurchases in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Our capital allocation is discussed further in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Government Regulation As a company with both U.S. and international operations, we are subject to the laws of the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among 9 Table of Contents jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position as compared to prior periods. Available Information Our internet website is www.homedepot.com. We make available on the Investor Relations section of our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports to shareholders, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements, and Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such documents with, or furnishing such documents to, the SEC. We include our website addresses throughout this report for reference only. The information contained on our websites is not incorporated by reference into this report. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business, results of operations, and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects could be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect the trading value of our securities. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8. Strategic Risks Strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share. Our industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented, and evolving. As a result, we face competition for our products and services from a variety of retailers, suppliers, distributors and manufacturers that sell products directly to their respective customer bases, and service providers, ranging from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online. These competitors include a number of other home improvement retailers; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, local, regional and national hardware stores, paint stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent building supply stores, MRO companies, home décor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental. The internet facilitates competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face. We compete primarily based on customer experience, price, quality, availability, product assortment, and delivery options, both in-store and online. We also compete based on store location and appearance, presentation of merchandise, and ease of shopping experience. Furthermore, customers are increasingly seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, low-price or free shipping, and/or convenient pickup options, including curbside pickup. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including the success of our investments in One Supply Chain and the One Home Depot experience, and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery and pickup options could negatively impact the demand for our products and our profit margins. We use our marketing, advertising and promotional programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive landscape. Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, could adversely affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through the delivery of a superior customer experience or maintenance of effective marketing, advertising or promotional programs, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, public health 10 Table of Contents issues (including pandemics and quarantines and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government) or natural disasters, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores and distribution or fulfillment centers and maintaining an excellent customer experience. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As our customers begin to expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use and protect relevant customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. In addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. We also need to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local cultural and demographic tastes within each customer group. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. Customers routinely use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. Once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery and/or convenient pickup options. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. We have our BOSS, BOPIS, BODFS and direct fulfillment delivery options, but we cannot guarantee that these or future programs will be maintained and implemented successfully or that we will be able to meet customer expectations on delivery or pickup times, options and costs. In addition, a greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment or curbside pickup could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-selling of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our overall sales and adversely affect our financial performance. Failure to provide a compelling online presence; to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs; to maintain appropriate inventory; to provide quick and low-price or free delivery alternatives and convenient pickup options; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; and to effectively implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. A positive brand and reputation are critical to our business success, and, if our brand and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, associates, suppliers and vendors, and, consequently, our business and results of operations. Our brand and reputation are critical to attracting customers, associates, suppliers and vendors to do business with us. We must continue to manage and protect our brand and reputation. Negative incidents can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our brand and reputation, undermine our customers’ confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our ability to recruit, engage, motivate and retain associates, attract regulatory scrutiny, and impact our relationships with current and potential suppliers and vendors. Further, our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about our Company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. Negative sentiment about the Company shared over social media could impact our brand and reputation, whether or not it is based in fact. The implementation of initiatives to build One Supply Chain and create the One Home Depot experience could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We have been substantially increasing our investments to create the One Home Depot experience, including significant investments over several years to build One Supply Chain. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected shopping experience; and create the fastest, most efficient delivery network for home improvement products. Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. Creating the One Home Depot experience requires significant investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems and support. Building One Supply Chain also involves 11 Table of Contents significant real estate projects as we expand our distribution network. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume, timing, nature and cost of these investments, projects and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers, employing new web-based tools and services, implementing new technologies, implementing and restructuring support systems and processes, identifying appropriate facility locations, and addressing impacts on inventory levels, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term, lead to product availability issues, and impact our profitability. In addition, our stores are a key element of the One Home Depot experience by serving as the hub of our customers’ interconnected shopping experience. We have an aging store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. Our investments in our stores may not deliver the relevant shopping experience our customers expect or fully support an interconnected shopping experience. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory (also called “shrink”). Higher rates of shrink, which we continue to experience, can require operational changes that may increase costs and impact the customer experience. Creating the One Home Depot experience and building One Supply Chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to complete these initiatives or realize the anticipated benefits, or these initiatives might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If we are unable to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. As part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with selected suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. We have also developed relationships with selected suppliers to allow us to market proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. Our proprietary products differentiate us from other retailers, generally carry higher margins than national brand products, and represent a growing portion of our business. If we are unable to manage and expand these alliances and relationships, maintain favorable terms with current suppliers, or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin results. Our strategic transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions. We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, investments, alliances, and other growth and market expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies and various other benefits. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we acquired HD Supply, a leading national distributor of MRO products in the multifamily and hospitality end markets. Assessing the viability and realizing the benefits of the HD Supply acquisition and our other transactions is subject to significant uncertainty. For each of our acquisitions, we need to determine the appropriate level of integration of the target company’s products, services, associates, and information technology, financial, human resources, compliance, and other systems and processes, and then successfully manage that integration into our corporate structure. Integration can be a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies or benefits of the acquisition. In addition, the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems, internal controls, and operations and make them more difficult to manage. Furthermore, even if the target companies are successfully integrated, the acquisitions may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional liabilities. Any failure in the execution of a strategic transaction, our approach to the integration of an acquired asset or business, or achieving expected synergies or other benefits could result in slower growth, higher than expected costs, the recording of an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, and other actions which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Operational Risks Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified associates to provide excellent customer service and to support our strategic initiatives while also controlling our labor costs. 12 Table of Contents Our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. To meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, develop and retain a large number of highly qualified associates. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates, unemployment levels, and health and other insurance costs; the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, immigration, minimum wage, and healthcare benefits; changing demographics; and our reputation within the labor market. We also compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job satisfaction. These positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. In addition, in order to continue to create the One Home Depot experience and build One Supply Chain, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals, to implement our ongoing technology and other strategic investments. The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. An inability to provide wages and/or benefits that are competitive within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract associates. Further, changes in market compensation rates may adversely affect our labor costs. Additionally, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the Company's senior leadership, and to effectively motivate and retain associates are critical to our business success. If we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified associates, or manage leadership transition successfully, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our financial performance may be adversely affected. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. Some of these systems are managed or provided by third-party service providers, including certain cloud platform providers. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of, and consistent access to, this operational and financial data for information such as sales, customer data, associate data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, and post-purchase matters. For these information technology systems, applications, and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications or processes could impair, and on occasion have impaired, their effectiveness or expose us to security risks. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to and on occasion have experienced damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power and other critical infrastructure outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches; internal or external data theft or misuse; cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks, and ransomware; responsive containment measures by us that may involve voluntarily taking systems off line; natural disasters and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, or other extreme weather events; public health concerns, such as pandemics and quarantines; acts of war, terrorism or civil unrest; other systems outages; inadequate or ineffective redundancy; and design or usage errors or malfeasance by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations or impair data security, and be costly, time consuming and resource-intensive to remedy. In addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure and personnel, in certain cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. These investments involve replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems that are less flexible and efficient, with successor systems; outsourcing certain technology to third-party service providers; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; maintaining or enhancing legacy systems that are not currently being replaced; or designing or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, changes in security processes and internal controls, cost overruns, implementation delays or errors, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. Any system implementation and transition difficulty may result in operational challenges, security failures, reputational harm, and increased costs that could adversely affect our business operations and results of operations. 13 Table of Contents Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. Through our information technology systems, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms. We use our digital platforms both as sales channels for our products and services and also as methods of providing inspiration, as well as product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to drive sales. We also have multiple online communities and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to an interconnected experience. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly interface for our customers. Disruptions, delays, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, or a failure of these systems to meet our or our customers’ expectations, could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers. Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result from damage or destruction to our distribution or fulfillment centers; weather-related events; natural disasters; international trade disputes or trade policy changes or restrictions; tariffs or import-related taxes; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shortages of supply chain labor, including truck drivers; shipping capacity constraints, including shortages of related equipment; third-party contract disputes; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; military conflicts; acts of terrorism; public health issues, including pandemics or quarantines (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government; civil unrest; or other factors beyond our control. In recent years, U.S. ports, particularly those located on the West coast, have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural disasters, which have been further exacerbated by the pandemic. Disruptions to our supply chain due to any of the factors listed above could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition. If our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, supplier and Company information are not successful, we could incur substantial costs and reputational damage and could become subject to litigation and enforcement actions. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the collection, storage, management, transmission and deletion of customers’ personal information, preferences, and payment card information, as well as other confidential and sensitive information, such as personal information about our associates and our suppliers and confidential Company information. We also work with third-party vendors and service providers that provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the collection, storage and transmission of this information. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties have in the past gained access, and will continue to attempt to gain access to, these systems and data through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates or third-party service providers. Hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects in design, maintenance or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. We face the risk of exploitation of our software providers and our software development and implementation process, including from coding and process vulnerabilities and the installation of so-called back doors that provide unauthorized access to systems and data. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We have implemented and regularly review and update our systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of any companies we acquire. There is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. As we have experienced, any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or Company data, could result in significant costs, including costs to investigate and remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of a compromise, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement 14 Table of Contents adequate preventative measures and we or our third-party service providers may not discover any security breach, vulnerability or compromise of information for a significant period of time after the security incident occurs. In addition, data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers’ willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers of our uses of their information or failing to keep our information technology systems and our customers’ sensitive information secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction (including human error or malfeasance) or that of our service providers or other third parties, could adversely affect our brand and reputation. Further, the regulatory environment related to data privacy and cybersecurity is constantly changing, with new and increasingly rigorous requirements applicable to our business. The implementation of these requirements has also become more complex. Maintaining our compliance with those requirements, including recently enacted state consumer privacy laws, may require significant effort and cost, require changes to our business practices, and limit our ability to obtain data used to provide a personalized customer experience. In addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, lawsuits or reputational damage. We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit and debit cards, our private label credit cards, cash, checks, PayPal, an installment loan program, trade credit, and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time. Acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. These requirements may change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult, costly, or uncertain. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. If these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. The payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by threat actors, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in our payments and payment processing systems. If we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. As a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our business is subject to seasonal influences, and uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, alone or together with natural disasters, as well as other catastrophic events, could impact our operations. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, fires, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, or unexpected or extreme weather conditions; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; public health concerns, such as pandemics and quarantines and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government; civil unrest; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events can affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers’ disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects, and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. These types of events can also adversely affect our work force and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores and other facilities. They can also, temporarily or on a long-term basis, disrupt or disable operations of stores, support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruption of utility services. In addition, these events may affect our information systems and digital platforms, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders and to communicate with our stores. Unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions such as excessive precipitation, warm temperatures during the winter season, or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures, could render a portion of our inventory incompatible with customer needs. As a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 15 Table of Contents If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if our suppliers experience financial difficulties or other challenges, our ability to timely and efficiently access products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected. We buy our products from suppliers located throughout the world. Our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge. Our ability to access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, civil unrest, military conflict, acts of terrorism or violence, public health issues (including pandemics and quarantines and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government), the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, any disruptions in our suppliers’ logistics or supply chain networks or information technology systems, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers’ control. If we are unable to access products to meet our customers’ demands and expectations in a timely and efficient manner, our sales and gross margin results may be adversely impacted. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality and safety could damage our image with customers, expose us to litigation, and negatively impact our sales and results of operations. Product and service quality issues could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our Company. If our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. Actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns, including health-related concerns, could expose us to litigation, as well as government enforcement actions, and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. We seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from our suppliers and service providers. If we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, such claims could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even with adequate insurance and indemnification, our reputation as a provider of high-quality products and services, including both national brand names and our proprietary products, could suffer, damaging our reputation and impacting customer loyalty. In addition, we and our customers have expectations around responsible sourcing. All of our suppliers must comply with our responsible sourcing standards, which cover a variety of expectations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency, health and safety, environment, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced labor. We have a responsible sourcing audit process, but we are also dependent on our suppliers to ensure that the products and services we provide comply with our standards. Our proprietary products subject us to certain increased risks, including regulatory, product liability, intellectual property, supplier relations, and reputational risks. As we expand our proprietary product offerings, in addition to other product-related risks discussed in this section, we may become subject to increased risks due to our greater role in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of those products. The risks include greater responsibility to administer and comply with applicable regulatory requirements, increased potential product liability and product recall exposure, and increased potential reputational risks related to the responsible sourcing of those products. To effectively execute on our product differentiation strategy, we must also be able to successfully protect our proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties. In addition, an increase in sales of our proprietary products may adversely affect sales of our suppliers’ products, which in turn could adversely affect our relationships with certain of our suppliers. Any failure to appropriately address some or all of these risks could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we are unable to effectively manage our installation services business, we could suffer lost sales and be subject to fines, lawsuits and reputational damage, or the loss of our general contractor licenses. We act as a general contractor to provide installation services to our DIFM customers through professional third-party installers. As such, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, which include management of licensing, permitting, handling of environmental risks, and quality of work performed by our third-party installers. We have established processes and procedures to manage these requirements and ensure customer satisfaction with the services provided by our third-party installers. However, as we experienced with our recent EPA investigation and resulting consent decree, if we fail to manage these processes effectively, to perform regular job site inspections, or to provide proper oversight of these services, we could suffer lost sales, fines, lawsuits, or governmental enforcement actions for violations of regulatory requirements, as well as claims for property damage or personal injury. In addition, we may suffer damage to our reputation or the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could adversely affect our business. 16 Table of Contents Legal, Financial, Regulatory, Global and Other External Risks Uncertainty regarding the housing market, economic conditions, political and social climate, public health issues, and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial performance. Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, the economy or the political or social climate could adversely impact our customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing them to decide against purchasing home improvement products and services, causing them to delay purchasing decisions, or impacting their ability to pay for products and services. Other factors beyond our control – including unemployment and foreclosure rates; inventory loss due to theft; interest rate fluctuations; fuel and other energy costs; labor and healthcare costs; the availability of financing; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; changes in tax rates and policy; weather; natural disasters; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; public health issues, including pandemics and quarantines and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government; civil unrest; and other conditions beyond our control – could further adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial performance. Further, our MRO customers, who have higher spend and longer-term relationships than a typical retail customer, primarily use trade credit to finance their purchases. As a result, their ability to pay is highly dependent on the economic strength of the industry in their area. The continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable, volatile, and uncertain, and could adversely affect our business operations, demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, our ability to predict future performance, our exposure to litigation, and our financial performance, among other things. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant public health concerns as well as economic disruption, uncertainty, and volatility, all of which have impacted and may continue to impact our business. While we have taken numerous steps to mitigate the impact of the pandemic on our results of operations, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful. Similarly, the recovery from the pandemic, including the widespread roll-out of vaccines, introduces additional uncertainty and volatility. Due to numerous uncertainties and factors beyond our control, we are unable to predict the impact that the pandemic and the recovery will have going forward on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. These factors and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: • the severity and duration of the pandemic, including whether there are additional “waves” or other continued periods of increases or spikes in the number of COVID-19 cases (including those caused by current or future mutations or related strains of the virus) in future periods in areas in which we or our suppliers operate; • the rapidly changing and fluid circumstances caused by the pandemic and efforts to recover from it and our ability to respond quickly enough or appropriately to those circumstances; • the duration and degree of governmental, business or other actions in response to the pandemic, including but not limited to quarantine or shut-down measures and other governmental orders; restrictions on our operations up to and including complete or partial closure of our stores, facilities, and distribution and fulfillment centers; economic measures; access to unemployment compensation; fiscal policy changes; or additional measures that may yet be enacted; • the health of, and effect of the pandemic on, our associates and our ability to maintain staffing needs to effectively operate our business, including the impact of and uncertainty related to vaccination efforts; • evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, and recessionary pressures; • the impact of the pandemic and related economic uncertainty on consumer confidence, economic well-being, spending, and shopping behaviors, both during and after the pandemic; • impacts – financial, operational or otherwise – on our supply chain, including manufacturers or suppliers of our products and logistics or transportation providers, and on our service providers or subcontractors; • unknown consequences on our business performance and strategic initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resources to the pandemic response, including further delays in or adjustments to our strategic investments; 17 Table of Contents • the incremental costs of doing business during and/or after the pandemic; • volatility in the credit and financial markets during and after the pandemic; • the potential effects on our internal control environment and data security as a result of changes to a remote work environment; • the impact of regulatory and judicial changes in liability for workers’ compensation; • potential increases in insurance premiums, medical claims costs, and workers’ compensation claim costs; • the availability of, and prevalence of access to, effective medical treatments and vaccines for COVID-19; • the impact of litigation or claims from customers, associates, suppliers, regulators or other third parties relating to COVID-19 or our actions in response thereto; • the pace of recovery when the pandemic subsides; and • the long-term impact of the pandemic on our business. In addition, we have seen an increase in spending on home improvement products and projects during the pandemic, as customers have focused on their homes and have spent less on other items like travel and entertainment. As the pandemic begins to subside, customers may shift their spending away from home improvement and back to other areas, which may have an adverse impact on our sales. The above factors and uncertainties, or others of which we are not currently aware, may result in adverse impacts to our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. In addition to the factors above, the COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our business to a number of risks, including, but not limited to those discussed below: Associate and Customer Safety-Related Risks . In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken a number of actions across our business to help protect our associates, customers, and others in the communities we serve. These measures include, among other things, adjusted store hours; increased cleaning and sanitizing measures; limits on customer traffic in stores to maintain physical and social distancing protocols; other physical and social distancing efforts such as markings on floors, signage, plexiglass shields and mask requirements; providing masks and thermometers to associates in stores and distribution and fulfillment centers; instituting curbside pickup from stores; and cancellation or modification of certain annual merchandising events to avoid driving additional traffic to stores that might undermine our efforts to prioritize safety. In certain jurisdictions, we temporarily ceased sales or delayed commencement of certain in-home services deemed non-essential early in the pandemic, and we may have to do so again or in other jurisdictions. Several of these actions adversely impacted our sales, and they may continue to do so going forward. We also took other steps to support our associates, including expanding our paid time off policy to help alleviate some of the challenges our associates are facing as a result of COVID-19; instituting weekly bonuses for hourly associates in our stores and distribution and fulfillment centers; temporarily providing double pay for overtime worked; and expanding dependent care benefits. In the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we began transitioning from these temporary pay and benefits programs to permanent compensation enhancements for our frontline, hourly associates. The actions that we have taken in response to the pandemic have resulted in significant incremental costs, and we expect that we will continue to incur additional costs due to the pandemic going forward, which in turn will have an adverse impact on our results of operations. The health and safety of our associates and customers are of primary concern to our management team. However, due to the unpredictable nature of COVID-19 and the consequences of our actions, we may see unexpected outcomes from our added safety measures. For example, if we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if our customers or associates do not participate in social distancing and other safety measures, the well-being of our associates and customers could be at risk. Furthermore, any failure to appropriately respond, or the perception of an inadequate response, could cause reputational harm to our brand and/or subject us to claims and litigation from associates, customers, suppliers, regulators or other third parties. Additionally, we have faced, and may continue to face, periodic labor shortages at our stores and facilities due to COVID-19, which can result in modifications to our operations including temporary closures and negatively impact our business, costs and results of operations. Additionally, some jurisdictions have taken measures intended to expand the availability of workers’ compensation or to change the presumptions applicable to workers compensation measures. These actions may increase our exposure to workers’ compensation claims and increase our cost of insurance. Information Technology-Related Risks . As a result of the pandemic and related quarantines, shut-down orders, and similar restrictions, we have experienced increased demand for online purchases of products. While we have managed this increased volume to date without interruption, there are no assurances that we will continue to be able to do so. We have also had to rapidly modify certain technology to support our interconnected offerings in 18 Table of Contents connection with the pandemic, such as the addition of curbside pickup. Disruptions, failures or other performance issues with our customer-facing technology systems, either due to the increased volume, system modifications, or other factors, could impair the benefits they provide, adversely impact our sales, and negatively affect our relationship with our customers. In addition, as more business activities have shifted online due to COVID-19 restrictions, and as many of our store support associates are working remotely, we face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external information technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. Supply Chain-Related Risks . Circumstances related to the COVID-19 pandemic have significantly impacted the global supply chain, with restrictions and limitations on business activities and impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic causing labor shortages, capacity constraints, disruptions and delays. These issues, which may expand depending on the progression of the pandemic, are placing strain on the domestic and international supply chain, which has affected and may continue to negatively affect the flow or availability of certain products. Customer demand for certain products has also fluctuated as the pandemic has progressed and customer behaviors have changed, which has challenged our ability to anticipate and/or adjust inventory levels to meet that demand. These factors have resulted in higher out-of-stock inventory positions in certain products as well as delays in delivering those products to our distribution and fulfillment centers, stores or customers. Even if we are able to find alternate sources for certain products, they may cost more or require us to incur higher transportation costs, which could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. Similarly, increased demand for online purchases of products has impacted our fulfillment operations, as well as those of our third-party carriers, resulting in delays in delivering products to customers. The operation of our distribution and fulfillment centers is crucial to our business operations. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, labor shortages at and temporary closures of some of our distribution and fulfillment centers, and any such labor shortages or closures, whether temporary or sustained, may adversely impact the flow or availability of products to our stores and customers. Any of these circumstances could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation. Financial and Liquidity Risks . In an effort to strengthen our liquidity position while navigating the COVID-19 pandemic, we took proactive steps during the first quarter of fiscal 2020, including suspending share repurchases, expanding our commercial paper program and related revolving credit facility capacity, and issuing incremental long-term debt. The increased debt levels have increased our interest expense. Further, the financial and credit markets have experienced and may continue to experience significant volatility and turmoil. Our continued access to external sources of liquidity depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. If the impacts of the pandemic and the related recovery continue to create severe disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets, or if rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt or other sources of external liquidity. Additionally, changes in our capital allocation strategy could have adverse impacts, both short- and long-term, on our results of operations and financial position. Suspension of share repurchases impacts our earnings per share and return on invested capital, which in turn could adversely impact our stock price. We resumed our share repurchases in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, although the amount and continuation of those repurchases will be influenced by the evolving economic and pandemic environment. While not contemplated at this time, any potential suspension or reduction in our dividend declaration could have an adverse impact on investor perception and our stock price. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the U.S. and global economy and/or to adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, it may also have the effect of heightening other risks described in this section and other SEC filings, including but not limited to those related to consumer behavior and expectations, competition, brand and reputation, implementation of strategic initiatives, cybersecurity threats, technology systems disruption, supply chain disruptions, labor availability and cost, litigation, and regulatory requirements. Our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business. In recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, there has been expanded enforcement of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies, and the interpretation of certain laws and regulations have become increasingly complex. These laws and regulations, and related interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. Changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage or living wage requirements; the classification of exempt and non-exempt 19 Table of Contents employees; the distinction between employees and contractors; other wage, labor or workplace regulations; healthcare; data privacy and cybersecurity; the sale, marketing and pricing of some of our products; transportation, logistics and interstate delivery operations, including Department of Transportation regulations on vehicles and drivers; international trade; supply chain transparency; taxes, including changes to corporate tax rates; unclaimed property; energy costs and consumption; or hazardous waste disposal and other environmental matters, including with respect to our installation services business, could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations. In fiscal 2017, Congress enacted the Tax Act, which significantly changed how the U.S. taxes corporations. The Tax Act requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required under U.S. tax law, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the Tax Act, significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. Since the enactment of the Tax Act, additional guidance has been issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies, whose interpretations could differ from our interpretations. Further, in addition to uncertainties that continue to exist in terms of how U.S. states will react to the Tax Act, recently enacted changes in foreign countries within which we operate could have additional impacts on our effective tax rate. If we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, we may not be successful in our international operations and our sales and profitability may be negatively impacted. Our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our U.S. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. Our international operations, including any expansion in international markets, may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations and other foreign legal and regulatory constraints, as well as political, social and economic conditions. Risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, potential adverse tax consequences; international trade disputes, trade policy changes or potential tariffs and other import-related taxes and controls; greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights; limitations on access to ports; risks associated with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery law compliance; and challenges in our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers. For example, trade tensions between the U.S. and China have led to a series of significant tariffs on the importation of certain product categories. As a portion of our retail products are sourced, directly or indirectly, outside of the U.S., major changes in tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations could adversely impact the cost of, demand for, and profitability of retail product sales in our U.S. locations. Other countries may also change their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy and regulations. In addition, our operations in international markets create risk due to foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates, which may adversely impact our sales and profitability. The inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins. Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, tariffs and trade restrictions, and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices, such as changes in lumber prices, may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins. We may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by our insurance. We are predominantly self-insured for a number of different risk categories, such as general liability (including product liability), workers’ compensation, employee group medical, automobile claims, and network security and privacy liability, with insurance coverage for certain catastrophic risks. The types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. The occurrence of significant claims, a substantial rise in costs to maintain our insurance, or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition. GAAP and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as asset impairment, inventories, lease obligations, self-insurance, vendor allowances, tax matters, business combinations, and litigation, are complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. Changes in accounting standards or their interpretation or 20 Table of Contents changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments, including due to uncertainty in the current environment resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. The implementation of new accounting standards could also require certain systems, internal process, internal control, and other changes that could increase our operating costs. We are involved in a number of legal, regulatory and governmental enforcement proceedings, and while we cannot predict the outcomes of those proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes may adversely affect our operations or increase our costs. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and regulatory matters, including government inquiries and investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other litigation that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome of some of these proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could adversely affect our operations or could result in excessive adverse verdicts or results. Additionally, involvement in these lawsuits, investigations and inquiries, and other proceedings, as well as compliance with any settlements or consent decrees that result from those proceedings, may involve significant expense, divert management’s attention and resources from other matters, and impact the reputation of the Company.