Item 1A Risk Factors 9 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 16 Item 2 Properties 16 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 16 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 16 ​ ​ ​ Part II ​ 17 Item 5 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 17 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 20 Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 21 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 95 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 95 Item 9B Other Information 95 ​ ​ ​ Part III ​ 96 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 96 Item 11 Executive Compensation 96 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 96 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 97 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 97 ​ ​ ​ Part IV ​ 98 Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 98 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 100 ​ Signatures 101 ​ ​ ​ ​ PART I ​ FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS. ​ This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements about our future performance. These statements are based on our assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to us. These statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors, including the risks and other factors discussed in “Risk Factors” below, that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from any future results or outcomes expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Such statements are indicated by words such as “achieve,” “affect,” “believe,” “committed,” “continue,” “could,” “deliver,” “effect,” “estimate,” “expects,” “future,” “growth,” “intends,” “likely,” “may,” “model,” “plan,” “position,” “range,” “result,” “strategy,” “strong,” “trend,” “will” and “would,” and similar words or phrases. Moreover, statements in the sections entitled Risk Factors, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”), and elsewhere in this report regarding our expectations, projections, beliefs, intentions or strategies are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. ​ Various uncertainties and other factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These include: ​ ● The extent to which our sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet our requirements may be affected by the state of the financial markets and the effect that such condition has on our ability to issue commercial paper at acceptable rates. Our ability to borrow under our committed lines of credit, including our bank credit facilities, could be impaired if one or more of our lenders under those lines is unwilling or unable to honor its contractual obligation to lend to us, or in the event that global pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters or weather conditions interfere with the ability of our lenders to lend to us. Our ability to refinance maturing debt may be affected by the state of the financial markets. ​ ● Our ability to achieve sales, earnings, incremental FIFO operating profit, and adjusted free cash flow goals may be affected by: COVID-19 related factors, risks and challenges, including among others, the length of time that the pandemic continues, the temporary inability of customers to shop due to illness, quarantine, or other travel restrictions or financial hardship, shifts in demand away from discretionary or higher priced products to lower priced products, or stockpiling or similar pantry-filling activities, reduced workforces which may be caused by, but not limited to, the temporary inability of the workforce to work due to illness, quarantine, or government mandates, temporary store closures due to reduced workforces or government mandates, or the availability and efficacy of a vaccine; labor negotiations or disputes; changes in the types and numbers of businesses that compete with Kroger; pricing and promotional activities of existing and new competitors, including non-traditional competitors, and the aggressiveness of that competition; Kroger's response to these actions; the state of the economy, including interest rates, the inflationary and deflationary trends in certain commodities, changes in tariffs, and the unemployment rate; the effect that fuel costs have on consumer spending; volatility of fuel margins; changes in government-funded benefit programs and the extent and effectiveness of any COVID-19 stimulus packages; manufacturing commodity costs; diesel fuel costs related to Kroger's logistics operations; trends in consumer spending; the extent to which our customers exercise caution in their purchasing in response to economic conditions; the uncertainty of economic growth or recession; changes in inflation or deflation in product and operating costs; stock repurchases; our ability to retain pharmacy sales from third-party payors; consolidation in the healthcare industry, including pharmacy benefit managers; our ability to negotiate modifications to multi-employer pension plans; natural disasters or adverse weather conditions; the effect of public health crises or other significant catastrophic events, including the coronavirus; the potential costs and risks associated with potential cyber-attacks or data security breaches; the success of our future growth plans; the ability to execute our growth strategy and value creation model, including continued cost savings, growth of our alternative profit businesses, and widening and deepening our strategic moats of fresh, Our Brands , personalization, and seamless; and the successful integration of merged companies and new partnerships. ​ ● Our ability to achieve these goals may also be affected by our ability to manage the factors identified above. Our ability to execute our financial strategy may be affected by our ability to generate cash flow. ​ ● Our effective tax rate may differ from the expected rate due to changes in laws, the status of pending items with various taxing authorities, and the deductibility of certain expenses. 2 We cannot fully foresee the effects of changes in economic conditions on our business. ​ Other factors and assumptions not identified above, including those discussed in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report, could also cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking information. Accordingly, actual events and results may vary significantly from those included in, contemplated or implied by forward-looking statements made by us or our representatives. We undertake no obligation to update the forward-looking information contained in this filing. ​ ITEM 1. BUSINESS. ​ The Kroger Co. (the “Company” or “Kroger”) was founded in 1883 and incorporated in 1902. As of January 30, 2021, we are one of the largest retailers in the world based on annual sales. We also manufacture and process some of the food for sale in our supermarkets. We maintain a web site (www.thekrogerco.com) that includes the Kroger Fact Book and other additional information about the Company. Kroger’s website and any reports or other information made available by Kroger through its website are not part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available through our web site, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and our interactive data files, including amendments. These forms are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed them with, or furnished them electronically to, the SEC. ​ Our revenues are predominately earned and cash is generated as consumer products are sold to customers in our stores, fuel centers and via our online platforms. We earn income predominantly by selling products at price levels that produce revenues in excess of the costs to make these products available to our customers. Such costs include procurement and distribution costs, facility occupancy and operational costs and overhead expenses. Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31. All references to 2020, 2019 and 2018 are to the fiscal years ended January 30, 2021, February 1, 2020 and February 2, 2019, respectively, unless specifically indicated otherwise. ​ STORES ​ As of January 30, 2021, Kroger operated, either directly or through its subsidiaries, 2,742 supermarkets under a variety of local banner names, of which 2,255 had pharmacies and 1,596 had fuel centers. We offer Pickup (also referred to as ClickList®) and Harris Teeter ExpressLane™— personalized, order online, pick up at the store services — at 2,223 of our supermarkets and provide home delivery service to substantially all of Kroger households. Approximately 51% of our supermarkets were operated in Company-owned facilities, including some Company-owned buildings on leased land. Our stores operate under a variety of banners that have strong local ties and brand recognition. Fuel sales are an important part of our revenue, net earnings and loyalty offering. Our fuel strategy is to include a fuel center at each of our supermarket locations when it is feasible and it is expected to be profitable. Each fuel center typically includes 5 to 10 islands of fuel dispensers and storage tanks with capacity for 40,000 to 50,000 gallons of fuel. Supermarkets are generally operated under one of the following formats: combination food and drug stores (“combo stores”); multi-department stores; marketplace stores; or price impact warehouses. ​ The combo store is the primary food store format. They typically draw customers from a 2-2.5 mile radius. We believe this format is successful because the stores are large enough to offer the specialty departments that customers desire for one-stop shopping, including natural food and organic sections, pharmacies, general merchandise, pet centers and high-quality perishables such as fresh seafood and organic produce. ​ Multi-department stores are significantly larger in size than combo stores. In addition to the departments offered at a typical combo store, multi-department stores sell a wide selection of general merchandise items such as apparel, home fashion and furnishings, outdoor living, electronics, automotive products and toys. ​ Marketplace stores are smaller in size than multi-department stores. They offer full-service grocery, pharmacy and health and beauty care departments as well as an expanded perishable offering and general merchandise area that includes apparel, home goods and toys. ​ 3 Price impact warehouse stores offer a “no-frills, low cost” warehouse format and feature everyday low prices plus promotions for a wide selection of grocery and health and beauty care items. Quality meat, dairy, baked goods and fresh produce items provide a competitive advantage. The average size of a price impact warehouse store is similar to that of a combo store. ​ SEGMENTS ​ We operate supermarkets and multi-department stores throughout the United States. Our retail operations, which represent 97% of our consolidated sales, is our only reportable segment. We aggregate our operating divisions into one reportable segment due to the operating divisions having similar economic characteristics with similar long-term financial performance. In addition, our operating divisions offer customers similar products, have similar distribution methods, operate in similar regulatory environments, purchase the majority of the merchandise for retail sale from similar (and in many cases identical) vendors on a coordinated basis from a centralized location, serve similar types of customers, and are allocated capital from a centralized location. Our operating divisions are organized primarily on a geographical basis so that the operating division management team can be responsive to local needs of the operating division and can execute company strategic plans and initiatives throughout the locations in their operating division. This geographical separation is the primary differentiation between these retail operating divisions. The geographical basis of organization reflects how the business is managed and how our Chief Executive Officer, who acts as our chief operating decision maker, assesses performance internally. All of our operations are domestic. Revenues, profits and losses and total assets are shown in our Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 below. ​ MERCHANDISING AND MANUFACTURING ​ Our Brands products play an important role in our merchandising strategy. Our supermarkets, on average, stock over 15,000 private label items. Our Brands products are primarily produced and sold in three “tiers.” Private Selection® is one of our premium quality brands, offering customers culinary foods and ingredients that deliver amazing eating experiences. The Kroger® brand, which represents the majority of our private label items, is designed to consistently satisfy and delight customers with quality products that exceed or meet the national brand in taste and efficacy, as well as with unique and differentiated products. Big K®, Check This Out…® and Heritage Farm® are some of our value brands, designed to deliver good quality at a very affordable price. In addition to our three “tiers,” Our Brands offers customers a variety of natural and organic products with Simple Truth® and Simple Truth Organic®. Both Simple Truth and Simple Truth Organic are free from a defined list of artificial ingredients that customers have told us they do not want in their food, and the Simple Truth Organic products are USDA certified organic. ​ Approximately 29% of Our Brands units and 40% of the grocery category Our Brands units sold in our supermarkets are produced in our food production plants; the remaining Our Brands items are produced to our strict specifications by outside manufacturers. We perform a “make or buy” analysis on Our Brands products and decisions are based upon a comparison of market-based transfer prices versus open market purchases. As of January 30, 2021, we operated 35 food production plants. These plants consisted of 16 dairies, 9 deli or bakery plants, five grocery product plants, two beverage plants, one meat plant and two cheese plants. ​ SEASONALITY ​ The majority of our revenues are generally not seasonal in nature. However, revenues tend to be higher during the major holidays throughout the year. Additionally, certain significant events including inclement weather systems, particularly winter storms, tend to affect our sales trends. ​ HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ​ Our People ​ We want Kroger to be a place our customers love to shop and associates love to work. This is why we create working environments where associates feel encouraged and supported to be their best selves every day. As of January 30, 2021, Kroger employed approximately 465,000 full- and part-time employees. With these nearly half a million associates serving more than nine million customers every day, our people are essential to our success, and we focus intentionally on attracting, developing and engaging a diverse workforce that represents the communities we serve. We have long been guided by our core values – Honesty, Integrity, Respect, Safety, Diversity and Inclusion. 4 Attracting & Developing Our Talent ​ We recognize that our people are our most important asset. To deliver on our customers’ experiences, we continually improve how we attract and retain talent. In addition to competitive wages, quality benefits, and a safe work environment, we offer a broad range of employment opportunities for workers of all ages and aspirations. During the past decade, Kroger has added 100,000 new jobs in communities across America. Many supermarket roles offer opportunities to learn new skills, grow and advance careers — inside or outside our family of companies. ​ Associates at all levels of the Company have access to training and education programs to build their skills and prepare for the roles they want. In 2021, we expect to spend approximately $125 million on training our associates through onboarding, leadership development programs, and programs designed to upskill associates across the Company. We continue to invest in new platforms and applications to make learning more accessible to our associates. ​ Beyond our own programs, associates can take advantage of our tuition reimbursement benefit, which offers up to $3,500 annually — $21,000 over the course of employment — toward continuing education. These funds can be applied to education programs like certifications, associate or graduate degrees. Kroger has invested more than $15 million in this program since it launched in 2018. ​ Rewarding Our Associates ​ We care about our associates’ overall well-being — physical, financial and emotional — and provide wages and benefits that help associates take care of themselves and their families. Between 2018 and 2020, we invested an incremental $800 million in associate wages. Since 2018, Kroger’s average retail hourly wage increased to over $15 per hour. Including benefit equivalents, the average rate surpasses $20 per hour. ​ Promoting Diversity, Equity & Inclusion ​ Diversity and inclusion have been among Kroger’s values for decades. We strive to reflect the communities we serve and foster a culture that empowers everyone to be their true self, inspires collaboration, and feeds the human spirit. During the past year, we have taken a very thoughtful and purposeful approach to enact meaningful change and develop what we believe are the right actions to achieve true and lasting equality. Our new Framework for Action: Diversity, Equity & Inclusion plan reflects our desire to redefine, deepen, and advance our commitment, mobilizing our people, passion, scale and resources. The following summarizes our framework: Create a More Inclusive Culture; Develop Diverse Talent; Advance Diverse Partnerships; Advance Equitable Communities; Deeply Listen and Report Progress. ​ Creating a Safe Environment ​ Our associates’ safety is a top priority and it is one of our core values. Since March of 2020, we have made significant investments to reward and safeguard our associates and customers. At the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we activated our Pandemic Preparedness Plan and Business Resilience Plan to help protect frontline associates, stay open to serve our customers and communities, and anticipate and adapt to critical needs in a rapidly changing situation. Since then, we have enacted more than 30 policy changes to help keep our associates safe, including offering paid emergency leave to those most directly affected by COVID-19, providing personal protective equipment, offering free testing through our COVID-19 at-home test kits, and promoting physical distancing in our locations. We are committed to supporting the health and well-being of our associates by providing a robust range of physical and mental health benefits and offering an incentive to associates who choose to get the COVID-19 vaccine. ​ Beyond the pandemic, we prioritize providing the right safety training and equipment, safe working conditions and resources to maintain and improve associates’ well-being. Through our strategy to set clear expectations, routine monitoring, and regular communication and engagement, we reduce the number of injuries and accidents that happen in our workplace. ​ 5 We track health and safety metrics centrally for an enterprise-wide view of issues, trends and opportunities and monitor associate injury performance including total injuries, Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) injury rates, and lost-time injuries, as well as customer injury metrics like slip-and-fall injuries. We also track the completion of required training for associates and we regularly share these metrics with leaders and relevant team members to inform management decisions. ​ Supporting Labor Relations ​ A majority of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements negotiated with local unions affiliated with one of several different international unions. There are approximately 350 such agreements, usually with terms of three to five years. Our objective in every negotiation is to find a fair and reasonable balance on compensation packages that provide solid wages as well as good quality, affordable health care and retirement benefits while also keeping our family of companies competitive in the market. ​ INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ​ The following is a list of the names and ages of the executive officers and the positions held by each such person. Except as otherwise noted, each person has held office for at least five years. Each officer will hold office at the discretion of the Board for the ensuing year until removed or replaced. ​ Name Age Recent Employment History ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mary E. Adcock ​ 45 ​ Ms. Adcock was elected Senior Vice President effective May 1, 2019 and is responsible for retail operations as well as the oversight of several Kroger retail divisions. From June 2016 to April 2019, she served as Group Vice President of Retail Operations. Prior to that, she served as Vice President of Operations for Kroger’s Columbus Division from November 2015 to May 2016 and as Vice President of Merchandising for the Columbus Division from March 2014 to November 2015. From February 2012 to March 2014, Ms. Adcock served as Vice President of Natural Foods Merchandising and from October 2009 to February 2012, she served as Vice President of Deli/Bakery Manufacturing. Prior to that, Ms. Adcock held several leadership positions in the manufacturing department, including human resources manager, general manager and division operations manager. Ms. Adcock joined Kroger in 1999 as human resources assistant manager at the Country Oven Bakery in Bowling Green, Kentucky. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Stuart W. Aitken ​ 49 ​ Mr. Aitken was named Senior Vice President and Chief Merchant and Marketing Officer in August 2020. He was elected Senior Vice President in February 2019 and served as Group Vice President from June 2015 to February 2019. He is responsible for sales, pricing, promotional and category planning for fresh foods, center store and general merchandise categories, as well as analytics & execution, e-commerce and Digital Merchandising, and Our Brands . Prior to joining Kroger, he served as the chief executive officer of dunnhumby USA, LLC from July 2010 to June 2015. Mr. Aitken has over 15 years of marketing, academic and technical experience across a variety of industries, and held various leadership roles with other companies, including Michaels Stores and Safeway, Inc. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 6 Gabriel Arreaga ​ 46 ​ Mr. Arreaga was elected Senior Vice President of Supply Chain in December 2020. He is responsible for the company’s industry-leading Supply Chain organization, Logistics, Inventory & Replenishment, Manufacturing, and Fulfillment Centers. Prior to Kroger, Mr. Arreaga served as senior vice president of Supply Chains for Mondelez, where he was responsible for all operations and functions from field to consumer, internal and external factories, fulfillment centers, direct to store branches, Logistics and product development. He was also global vice president of Operations for Stanley Black and Decker and held numerous leadership roles at Unilever including vice president of Food and Beverage Operations. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Yael Cosset ​ 47 ​ Mr. Cosset was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer in May 2019 and is responsible for leading Kroger’s digital strategy, focused on building Kroger’s presence in the marketplace in digital channels, personalization and e-commerce. In August 2020, he also assumed responsibility for Kroger’s alternative profit businesses, including Kroger’s data analytics subsidiary, 84.51 ͦ LLC and Kroger Personal Finance. Prior to that, Mr. Cosset served as Group Vice President and Chief Digital Officer from January 2017 to April 2019. Before that, he served as Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Information Officer of 84.51° LLC from April 2015 to December 2016. Prior to joining Kroger, Mr. Cosset served in several leadership roles at dunnhumby USA, LLC from 2009 to 2015, including Executive Vice President of Consumer Markets and Global Chief Information Officer. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Michael J. Donnelly ​ 62 ​ Mr. Donnelly was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in December 2017. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President of Merchandising from September 2015 to December 2017, and Senior Vice President of Merchandising from July 2011 to September 2015. Before that, Mr. Donnelly held a variety of key management positions with Kroger, including President of Ralphs Grocery Company, President of Fry’s Food Stores, and Senior Vice President, Drug/GM Merchandising and Procurement. Mr. Donnelly joined Kroger in 1978 as a clerk. Mr. Donnelly has announced his plan to retire in Spring of 2021. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Carin L. Fike ​ 52 ​ Ms. Fike was elected Vice President and Treasurer effective April 2017. Prior to that, she served as Assistant Treasurer from March 2011 to April 2017. Before that, Ms. Fike served as Director of Investor Relations from December 2003 to March 2011. Ms. Fike began her career with Kroger in 1999 as a manager in the Financial Reporting department after working with PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1995 to 1999, where most recently she was an audit manager. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Todd A. Foley ​ 51 ​ Mr. Foley was elected Vice President and Corporate Controller effective April 2017. Before that, he served as Vice President and Treasurer from June 2013 to April 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Foley served as Assistant Corporate Controller from March 2006 to June 2013, and Controller of Kroger’s Cincinnati/Dayton division from October 2003 to March 2006. Mr. Foley began his career with Kroger in 2001 as an audit manager in the Internal Audit Department after working for PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1991 to 2001, where most recently he was a senior audit manager. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 7 Calvin J. Kaufman ​ 58 ​ Mr. Kaufman was elected Senior Vice President in June 2017, and is responsible for the oversight of several Kroger retail divisions. From July 2013 to June 2017, he served as President of the Louisville division. Prior to that, he served as President of Kroger Manufacturing and Our Brands from June 2008 to June 2013, and Group Vice President of Fred Meyer Logistics from September 2005 to May 2008. Mr. Kaufman held various positions in Logistics after joining Kroger in the Fred Meyer division in September 1994. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Timothy A. Massa ​ 54 ​ Mr. Massa was elected Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Labor Relations in June 2018. Prior to that, he served as Group Vice President of Human Resources and Labor Relations from June 2014 to June 2018. Mr. Massa joined Kroger in October 2010 as Vice President, Corporate Human Resources and Talent Development. Prior to joining Kroger, he served in various Human Resources leadership roles for 21 years at Procter & Gamble, most recently serving as Global Human Resources Director of Customer Business Development. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Stephen M. McKinney ​ 64 ​ Mr. McKinney was elected Senior Vice President in March 2018, and is responsible for the oversight of several Kroger retail divisions. From October 2013 to March 2018, he served as President of Kroger’s Fry’s Food Stores division. Prior to that, he served as Vice President of Operations for the Ralphs division from October 2007 to September 2013, and Vice President of Operations for the Southwest division from October 2006 to September 2007. From 1988 to 1998, Mr. McKinney served in various leadership positions in the Fry’s Food Stores division, including store manager, deli director, and executive director of operations. From 1981 to 1998, Mr. McKinney held several roles with Florida Choice Supermarkets, a former Kroger banner, including store manager, buyer, and field representative. He started his career with Kroger in 1981 as a clerk with Florida Choice. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ W. Rodney McMullen ​ 60 ​ Mr. McMullen was elected Chairman of the Board effective January 1, 2015, and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2014. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2009 to December 2013. Prior to that he was elected Vice Chairman in June 2003, Executive Vice President, Strategy, Planning and Finance in January 2000, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 1999, Senior Vice President in October 1997, and Group Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in June 1995. Before that he was appointed Vice President, Control and Financial Services in March 1993, and Vice President, Planning and Capital Management in December 1989. Mr. McMullen joined Kroger in 1978 as a part-time stock clerk. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gary Millerchip ​ 49 ​ Mr. Millerchip was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective April 2019. Prior to this, he served as Chief Executive Officer for Kroger Personal Finance since joining Kroger in 2008. Before coming to Kroger he was responsible for the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Personal Credit Card business in the United Kingdom. He joined RBS in 1987 and held leadership positions in Sales & Marketing, Finance, Change Management, Retail Banking Distribution Strategy and Branch Operations during his time there. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8 Erin S. Sharp ​ 63 ​ Ms. Sharp has served as Group Vice President of Manufacturing since June 2013. She joined Kroger in 2011 as Vice President of Operations for Kroger’s Manufacturing division. Before joining Kroger, Ms. Sharp served as Vice President of Manufacturing for the Sara Lee Corporation. In that role, she led the manufacturing and logistics operations for the central region of their U.S. Fresh Bakery Division. Ms. Sharp has over 30 years of experience supporting food manufacturing operations. Ms. Sharp has announced her plan to retire in Spring of 2021. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mark C. Tuffin ​ 61 ​ Mr. Tuffin has served as Senior Vice President since January 2014, and is responsible for the oversight of several of Kroger’s retail divisions. Prior to that, he served as President of Kroger’s Smith’s division from July 2011 to January 2014. From September 2009 to July 2011, Mr. Tuffin served as Vice President of Transition, where he was responsible for implementing an organizational restructuring initiative for Kroger’s retail divisions. He joined Kroger’s Smith’s division in 1996 and served in a series of leadership roles, including Vice President of Merchandising from September 1999 to September 2009. Mr. Tuffin held various positions with other supermarket retailers before joining Smith’s in 1996. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Christine S. Wheatley ​ 50 ​ Ms. Wheatley was elected Group Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel in May 2014. She joined Kroger in February 2008 as Corporate Counsel, and became Senior Attorney in 2010, Senior Counsel in 2011, and Vice President in 2012. Before joining Kroger, Ms. Wheatley was engaged in the private practice of law for 11 years, most recently as a partner at Porter Wright Morris & Arthur in Cincinnati. ​ COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT ​ For the disclosure related to our competitive environment, see Item 1A under the heading “Competitive Environment.” ​ ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. ​ There are risks and uncertainties that can affect our business. The significant risk factors are discussed below. The following information should be read together with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” which includes forward-looking statements and factors that could cause us not to realize our goals or meet our expectations. ​ COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT ​ The operating environment for the food retailing industry continues to be characterized by intense price competition, expansion, increasing fragmentation of retail and online formats, entry of non-traditional competitors and market consolidation. Customer behavior shifted quickly and considerably during the pandemic, including a shift from food away from home to food at home. We see three major trends shaping the industry post-pandemic: e-commerce, cooking at home and prepared foods to go. If we do not appropriately or accurately anticipate customer preferences or fail to quickly adapt to these changing preferences, or if trends shift more quickly to food away from home, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. If we fail to meet the evolving needs of our customers, our ability to compete and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. ​ 9 We are continuing to enhance the customer connection with investments in our four competitive moats – Seamless, Personalization, Fresh, and Our Brands . Each of these are strategic differentiators and each one is designed to generate customer loyalty and sustainable growth momentum. We believe our plans to deepen and strengthen our competitive moats provide a balanced approach that will enable us to meet the wide-ranging needs and expectations of our customers. If we are unable to continue to enhance the foregoing key elements of our connection with customers, or they fail to strengthen customer loyalty, our ability to compete and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. Our ecosystem monetizes the traffic and data insights generated by our enhanced customer experience. We are using our assets in new ways through these fast-growing, asset-light and margin rich businesses. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our alternative profit strategy, which could adversely affect our market share and business growth, and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The nature and extent to which our competitors respond to the evolving and competitive industry by developing and implementing their competitive strategies could adversely affect our profitability. ​ In addition, evolving customer preferences and the advancement of online, delivery, ship to home, and mobile channels in our industry enhance the competitive environment. We must anticipate and meet these evolving customer preferences and continue to implement technology, software and processes to be able to conveniently and cost-effectively fulfill customer orders. Providing flexible fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex and may not meet customer preferences. If we are not successful in reducing or offsetting the cost of fulfilling orders outside of our traditional in-store channel with efficiencies, cost-savings, expense reductions, or alternative revenues, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. ​ In addition, if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant digital experience for our customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely impacted. Digital retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with new developments by our competitors as well as the evolving needs and preferences of our customers. Our digital business accelerated significantly during the COVID-19 pandemic including Pickup, Delivery and Ship. We must compete by offering a convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of how they choose to shop with us, and by investing in, providing and maintaining relevant customer-facing apps and interfaces that have the features customers want that are also reliable and easy to use. The future success of the digital business will also depend on the efficiency and cost effectiveness of fulfilling orders across our modalities, whether in store, in pickup-only locations, and through customer fulfillment centers powered by Ocado. ​ PRODUCT SAFETY ​ Customers count on Kroger to provide them with safe food and drugs and other merchandise. Concerns regarding the safety of the products that we sell could cause shoppers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. Any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. We could be adversely affected by personal injury or project liability claims, product recalls, or other health and safety issues. If we sell products that cause illness or injury to customers, resulting from product contamination or spoilage, the presence of certain substances, or damage caused in handling, storage or transportation, we could be exposed to claims or litigation. Any issue regarding the safety of items whether Our Brands items manufactured by the company or for the company or CPG products we sell, regardless of the cause, could have a substantial and adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ EMPLOYEE MATTERS ​ A majority of our associates are covered by collective bargaining agreements with unions, and our relationship with those unions, including a prolonged work stoppage affecting a substantial number of locations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We are a party to approximately 350 collective bargaining agreements. Upon the expiration of our collective bargaining agreements, work stoppages by the affected workers could occur if we are unable to negotiate new contracts with labor unions. In addition, changes to national labor policy could affect labor relations with our associates and relationships with unions. Further, if we are unable to control health care, pension and wage costs, or if we have insufficient operational flexibility under our collective bargaining agreements, we may experience increased operating costs and an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ 10 We are committed to paying fair wages and providing the benefits that were collectively bargained with the United Food and Commercial Workers (“UFCW”) and other labor unions representing associates. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, wage rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. Changes to wage regulations, including further increases in the minimum wage and extra pay ordinances enacted by local governments, could have an impact on our future financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while controlling wages and other costs, is subject to numerous external factors, including the available qualified workforce in each area where we are located, unemployment levels within those areas, wage rates, and changes in employment and labor laws. ​ Our continued success depends on the ongoing contributions of our associates, including members of our senior management and other key personnel. We must recruit, hire, develop and retain qualified associates with an increasingly large range of skills to meet the needs of our evolving and complex business. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these associates and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. Competition among potential employers could result in increased associate costs, or in our failure to recruit and retain associates. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain sufficient highly qualified associates in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ DATA AND TECHNOLOGY ​ Our business is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations, resulting in an expansion of our technological presence and corresponding risk exposure. If we were to experience difficulties maintaining or operating existing systems or implementing new systems, we could incur significant losses due to disruptions in our operations. ​ Through our sales and marketing activities, we collect and store some personal information that our customers provide to us. We also gather and retain information about our associates in the normal course of business. Under certain circumstances, we may share information with vendors that assist us in conducting our business, as required by law, or otherwise in accordance with our privacy policy. ​ Our technology systems are vulnerable to disruption from circumstances beyond our control, and we regularly defend against and respond to data security incidents. Cyber-attackers have targeted and accessed, and may in the future again attempt to target and access, information stored in our or our vendors’ systems in order to misappropriate confidential customer or business information. Although we have implemented procedures to protect our information, and require our vendors to do the same, we cannot be certain that our security systems will successfully defend against, or be able to effectively respond to, rapidly evolving, increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks as they become more difficult to detect and defend against. Further, a Kroger associate, a contractor or other third party with whom we do business may in the future circumvent our security measures in order to obtain information or may inadvertently cause a breach involving information. In addition, hardware, software or applications we may use may have inherent defects, vulnerabilities, or could be inadvertently or intentionally applied or used in a way that could compromise our information security. ​ 11 Our cybersecurity program, continued investment in our information technology systems, and our processes to evaluate and select vendors with reasonable information security controls may not effectively insulate us from potential attacks, data breaches or disruptions to our business operations, which could result in a loss of customers or business information, negative publicity, damage to our reputation, and exposure to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations, associates and other persons. Any such events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows and may not be covered by our insurance. In addition, compliance with privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes and may require us to devote significant management resources to address these issues. The costs of attempting to protect against the foregoing risks and the costs of responding to cyber-attacks are significant. Following a cyber-attack, our and/or our vendors’ remediation efforts may not be successful, and a cyber-attack could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers. In addition, breaches of our and/or our vendors’ security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or confidential information about us or our customers could expose our customers’ private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, and result in investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, loss of customers and business relationships, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our brands, reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ Data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers’ willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers of our uses of their information, failing to keep our information technology systems and our customers’ sensitive information secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction (including human error) or that of our business associates, vendors or other third parties, could adversely affect our brand and reputation and operating results and also could expose and/or has exposed us to mandatory disclosure to the media, litigation (including class action litigation), governmental investigations and enforcement proceedings, material fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent orders, and/or injunctive relief, any of which could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Large scale data breaches at other entities, including supply chain security vulnerabilities, increase the challenge we and our vendors face in maintaining the security of our information technology systems and proprietary information and of our customers’ information. There can be no assurance that such failures will not occur, or if any do occur, that we will detect them or that they can be sufficiently remediated. ​ The use of data by our business and our business associates is highly regulated. Privacy and information-security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to, among other things, systems changes and the development of new processes. If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) or the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk or financial losses as a result of non-compliance. ​ PAYMENT SYSTEMS ​ We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash and checks, select credit and debit cards, and Kroger Pay, a mobile payment solution. As we offer new payment options to our customers, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. For certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. We rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services for credit and debit cards. It could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us, including due to short term disruption of service. We are also subject to evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers. For example, we are subject to Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (“PCI DSS”), which contain compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. If our payment card terminals or internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs and other costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept card payments from our members, or if our third-party service providers’ systems are breached or compromised, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. 12 INDEBTEDNESS ​ Our indebtedness could reduce our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, mergers and acquisitions or other purposes and could make us vulnerable to future economic downturns as well as competitive pressures. If debt markets do not permit us to refinance certain maturing debt, we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness. Changes in our credit ratings, or in the interest rate environment, could have an adverse effect on our financing costs and structure. ​ LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND INSURANCE ​ From time to time, we are a party to legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and employment issues, personal injury, contract disputes, regulatory claims and other proceedings. Other legal proceedings purport to be brought as class actions on behalf of similarly situated parties. Some of these proceedings could result in a substantial loss to Kroger. We estimate our exposure to these legal proceedings and establish accruals for the estimated liabilities, where it is reasonably possible to estimate and where an adverse outcome is probable. Assessing and predicting the outcome of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. Adverse outcomes in these legal proceedings, or changes in our evaluations or predictions about the proceedings, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Please also refer to the “Litigation” section in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. ​ We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liability for workers’ compensation, automobile and general liability, property, director and officers’ liability, cyber risk exposure and associate health care benefits. Any actuarial projection of losses is subject to a high degree of variability. With respect to insured matters, we are liable for retention amounts that vary by the nature of the claim, and some losses may not be covered by insurance. Changes in legal claims, trends and interpretations, variability in inflation rates, changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to changes in applicable laws, insolvency of insurance carriers, and changes in discount rates could all affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ MULTI-EMPLOYER PENSION OBLIGATIONS ​ As discussed in more detail below in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Policies-Multi-Employer Pension Plans,” Kroger contributes to several multi-employer pension plans based on obligations arising under collective bargaining agreements with unions representing associates covered by those agreements. We believe that the present value of actuarially accrued liabilities in most of these multi-employer plans substantially exceeds the value of the assets held in trust to pay benefits, and we expect that Kroger’s contributions to those funds will increase over the next few years. A significant increase to those funding requirements could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Despite the fact that the pension obligations of these funds are not the liability or responsibility of the Company, except as noted below, there is a risk that the agencies that rate our outstanding debt instruments could view the underfunded nature of these plans unfavorably, or adjust their current views unfavorably, when determining their ratings on our debt securities. Any downgrading of our debt ratings likely would adversely affect our cost of borrowing and access to capital. ​ We also currently bear the investment risk of two multi-employer pension plans in which we participate. In addition, we have been designated as the named fiduciary of these funds with sole investment authority of the assets of these funds. If investment results fail to meet our expectations, we could be required to make additional contributions to fund a portion of or the entire shortfall, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ 13 INTEGRATION OF NEW BUSINESS AND STRATEGIC ALLIANCES ​ We enter into mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances with expected benefits including, among other things, operating efficiencies, procurement savings, innovation, sharing of best practices and increased market share that may allow for future growth. Achieving the anticipated or desired benefits may be subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including, without limitation, whether unique corporate cultures will work collaboratively in an efficient and effective manner, the coordination of geographically separate organizations, the possibility of imprecise assumptions underlying expectations regarding potential synergies, capital requirements, and the integration process, unforeseen expenses and delays, and competitive factors in the marketplace. We could also encounter unforeseen transaction and integration-related costs or other circumstances such as unforeseen liabilities or other issues. Many of these potential circumstances are outside of our control and any of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenue, decreased synergies and the diversion of management time and attention. If we are unable to achieve our objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the expected benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ FUEL ​ We sell a significant amount of fuel in our 1,596 fuel centers, which could face increased regulation, including due to climate change or other environmental concerns, and demand could be affected by concerns about the effect of emissions on the environment as well as retail price increases. We are unable to predict future regulations, environmental effects, political unrest, acts of terrorism, disruptions to the economy, including but not limited to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other matters that may affect the cost and availability of fuel, and how our customers will react to such factors, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ ECONOMIC CONDITIONS ​ Our operating results could be materially impacted by changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer confidence and spending, including discretionary spending. Future economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as employment levels, business conditions, changes in housing market conditions, the availability of credit, interest rates, tax rates and other matters could reduce consumer spending. Increased fuel prices could also have an effect on consumer spending and on our costs of producing and procuring products that we sell. We are unable to predict how the global economy and financial markets will perform. If the global economy and financial markets do not perform as we expect, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ WEATHER, NATURAL DISASTERS AND OTHER EVENTS ​ A large number of our stores and distribution facilities are geographically located in areas that are susceptible to hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts and earthquakes. Weather conditions and natural disasters could disrupt our operations at one or more of our facilities, interrupt the delivery of products to our stores, substantially increase the cost of products, including supplies and materials and substantially increase the cost of energy needed to operate our facilities or deliver products to our facilities. Moreover, the effects of climate change, including those associated with extreme weather events, may affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities that are optimal for us or at all. Adverse weather, natural disasters, geo-political and catastrophic events, such as war, civil unrest, acts of terrorism or other acts of violence, including active shooter situations (which have occurred in the past at our locations), or pandemics, such as the spread of the novel coronavirus, COVID-19, or other future pandemics and other matters that could reduce consumer spending, could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ 14 COVID-19 ​ The global COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect our business. A full year into the pandemic, many factors and uncertainties remain, including: ​ ● the continuing concerns about the health of, and the effect on our associates, and our ability to meet staffing needs in our stores, distribution facilities, corporate offices and other critical functions; ​ ● the ultimate duration of the pandemic, including whether there will be additional spikes in the number of COVID-19 cases, future mutations or related strains of the virus; ​ ● the duration, degree and effectiveness of governmental measures, such as access to unemployment compensation, stimulus payments, and other fiscal policy changes; ​ ● the timing and availability of, and prevalence of access to and utilization of, effective medical treatments and timely rollout of vaccinations for COVID-19; ​ ● evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, and recessionary pressures; ​ ● the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and the pace and extent of recovery when the pandemic subsides, which may vary materially over time and among the different regions and markets we serve; ​ ● the extent and duration of the effect on consumer confidence, economic well-being, spending, customer demand, buying patterns and shopping behaviors, including spend on discretionary categories, which often include higher margin products, and increased utilization of online sales channels, both during and after the pandemic; and ​ ● the long-term impact of the pandemic on our business, including consumer behaviors. ​ In addition, we cannot predict with certainty the extent of the impact that COVID-19 will have on our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material adverse effect on these parties could materially and adversely impact us. To the extent that COVID-19 continues to affect the U.S. and global economy and our business, it may also heighten other risks described in this section, including but not limited to those related to consumer behavior and expectations, competition, implementation of strategic initiatives, cybersecurity threats, payment-related risks, supply chain disruptions, labor availability and cost, litigation and operational risk as a result of regulatory requirements. ​ GOVERNMENT REGULATION ​ Our stores are subject to various laws, regulations, and administrative practices that affect our business. We must comply with numerous provisions regulating, among other things, health and sanitation standards, food labeling and safety, equal employment opportunity, minimum wages, licensing for the sale of food, drugs, and alcoholic beverages, and new provisions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. We cannot predict future laws, regulations, interpretations, administrative orders, or applications, or the effect they will have on our operations. They could, however, significantly increase the cost of doing business. They also could require the reformulation of some of the products that we sell (or manufacture for sale to third parties) to meet new standards. We also could be required to recall or discontinue the sale of products that cannot be reformulated. These changes could result in additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling, or scientific substantiation. Any or all of these requirements could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​ 15 SUPPLY CHAIN ​ Disruption in our global supply chain could negatively impact our business. The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future disruption in our supply chain or inability to find qualified vendors and access products that meet requisite quality and safety standards in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our business. The loss or disruption of such supply arrangements for any reason, labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, acts of war or terrorism, quality control issues, a supplier’s financial distress, natural disasters or health crises, regulatory actions or ethical sourcing issues, trade sanctions or other external factors over which we have no control, could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ​