Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 20 Item 2. Properties 20 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 22 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 22 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 23 Item 6. [Reserved] 23 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 37 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 38 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 78 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 78 Item 9B. Other Information 78 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 78 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 79 Item 11. Executive Compensation 79 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 79 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 80 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 80 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 81 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 90 Signatures 91 2 Table of Contents Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Macy’s, Inc.” or the “Company” are references to Macy’s and its subsidiaries and references to “2022,” “2021,” and “2020” are references to the Company’s fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021, respectively. Fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 each included 52 weeks. Forward-Looking Statements This report and other reports, statements and information previously or subsequently filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) contain or may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon the beliefs and assumptions of, and on information available to, the management of the Company at the time such statements are made. The following are or may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: (i) statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “believe,” “expect,” “future,” “potential,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “think,” “estimate” or “continue” or the negative or other variations thereof and (ii) statements regarding matters that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including risks and uncertainties relating to: • the possible invalidity of the underlying beliefs and assumptions; • the Company's ability to successfully execute against its Polaris strategy, including the ability to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the strategy; • the success of the Company’s operational decisions, including product sourcing, merchandise mix and pricing, and marketing and strategic initiatives, such as growing its digital channels, expanding the Company's off-mall store presence and modernizing its technology and supply chain infrastructures; • general consumer shopping behaviors and spending levels, including the shift of consumer spending to digital channels, the impact of changes in general economic conditions, consumer disposable income levels, consumer confidence levels, the availability, cost and level of consumer debt, and the costs of basic necessities and other goods; • competitive pressures from department stores, specialty stores, general merchandise stores, manufacturers’ outlets and websites, off-price and discount stores, and all other retail channels, including digitally-native retailers, social media and catalogs; • the Company’s ability to remain competitive and relevant as consumers’ shopping behaviors continue to migrate to digital shopping channels and other shopping channels and to maintain its brand image and reputation; • possible systems failures and/or security breaches or other types of cybercrimes or cybersecurity attacks, including any security breach that results in the theft, transfer or unauthorized disclosure of customer, employee or company information, or the failure to comply with various laws applicable to the Company in the event of such a breach; • the cost of colleague benefits as well as attracting and retaining quality colleagues; • transactions and strategy involving the Company's real estate portfolio; • the seasonal nature of the Company’s business; • the effects of weather and natural disasters, including the impact of climate change, and health pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on the Company’s business, including the ability to open stores, customer demand and its supply chain, as well as our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows; • conditions to, or changes in the timing of, proposed transactions and changes in expected synergies, cost savings and non-recurring charges; • the potential for the incurrence of charges in connection with the impairment of tangible and intangible assets, including goodwill; • possible changes or developments in social, economic, business, industry, market, legal and regulatory circumstances and conditions, including supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, wage pressures and rising inflation, and their related impact on costs; 1 Table of Contents • possible actions taken or omitted to be taken by third parties, including customers, suppliers, business partners, competitors, banks and other financial institutions, and legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities and officials; • changes in relationships with vendors and other product and service providers; • our level of indebtedness; • currency, interest and exchange rates and other capital market, economic and geo-political conditions; • unstable political conditions, civil unrest, terrorist activities and armed conflicts, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; • the possible inability of the Company’s manufacturers or transporters to deliver products in a timely manner or meet the Company’s quality standards; • the Company’s reliance on foreign sources of production, including risks related to the disruption of imports by labor disputes, regional and global health pandemics, and regional political and economic conditions; • duties, taxes, other charges and quotas on imports; • labor shortages • the amount and timing of future dividends and share repurchases; and • the Company's ability to execute on its strategies or achieve expectations related to environmental, social, and governance matters. In addition to any risks and uncertainties specifically identified in the text surrounding such forward-looking statements, the statements in the immediately preceding sentence and the statements under captions such as “Risk Factors” in reports, statements and information filed by the Company with the SEC from time to time constitute cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual amounts, results, events and circumstances to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. 2 Table of Contents Item 1. Business. General The Company is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1985. The Company and its predecessors have been operating department stores since 1830. As of January 28, 2023, the Company operated 722 store locations in 43 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam. The Company's operations are conducted through Macy's, Macy's Backstage, Market by Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Bloomingdale's The Outlet, Bloomies, and bluemercury. In addition, Bloomingdale's in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Al Zahra, Kuwait are operated under license agreements with Al Tayer Insignia, a company of Al Tayer Group, LLC. The Company sells a wide range of merchandise, including apparel and accessories (men’s, women’s and kids'), cosmetics, home furnishings and other consumer goods. The specific assortments vary by size of store, merchandising assortments and character of customers in the trade areas. Most stores are located at urban or suburban sites, principally in densely populated areas across the United States. Disaggregation of the Company's net sales by family of business for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 2022 2021 2020 Women’s Accessories, Shoes, Cosmetics and Fragrances $ 9,597 $ 9,385 $ 6,667 Women’s Apparel 5,349 5,174 3,454 Men’s and Kids’ 5,297 5,247 3,477 Home/Other (a) 4,199 4,654 3,748 Total $ 24,442 $ 24,460 $ 17,346 (a) Other primarily includes restaurant sales, allowance for merchandise returns adjustments and breakage income from unredeemed gift cards. In 2022, the Company’s subsidiaries provided various support functions to the Company’s retail operations on an integrated, company-wide basis. • The Company’s wholly-owned bank subsidiary, FDS Bank, provides certain collections, customer service and credit marketing services in respect of all credit card accounts that are owned either by Citibank, N.A. or FDS Bank and that constitute a part of the credit programs of the Company’s retail operations. • Macy’s Systems and Technology, Inc., a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, provides operational electronic data processing and management information services to all of the Company’s operations other than bluemercury. • Macy’s Merchandising Group, Inc. (MMG), a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company, and its subsidiary Macy's Merchandising Group International, LLC, are responsible for the design and development of Macy’s private label brands and certain licensed brands. Bloomingdale’s uses MMG for a small portion of its private label merchandise. The Company believes that its private label merchandise differentiates its merchandise assortments from those of its competitors. MMG also offers its services, either directly or indirectly, to unrelated third parties. • Macy’s Logistics and Operations, a division of a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, provides warehousing and merchandise distribution services for the Company’s operations and digital customer fulfillment. The Company’s principal executive office is located at 151 West 34th Street, New York, New York 10001, telephone number: (212) 494-1621. Seasonality The retail business is seasonal in nature with a high proportion of sales and operating income generated in the months of November and December. Working capital requirements fluctuate during the year, increasing in mid-summer in anticipation of the fall merchandising season and increasing substantially prior to the months of November and December when the Company carries significantly higher inventory levels. 3 Table of Contents Purchasing The Company purchases merchandise from many suppliers, none of which accounted for more than 5% of the Company's purchases during 2022. The Company has no material long-term purchase commitments with any of its suppliers and believes that it is not dependent on any one supplier. The Company considers its relations with its suppliers to be good. Private Label Brands and Related Trademarks The principal private label brands currently offered by the Company include Alfani, And Now This, Aqua, Bar III, Belgique, Charter Club, Club Room, Epic Threads, Family PJ’s, first impressions, Giani Bernini, Holiday Lane, Home Design, Hotel Collection, Hudson Park, Ideology, I-N-C, jenni, JM Collection, Karen Scott, lune+aster, M-61, Maison Jules, Martha Stewart Collection, Oake, Sky, Style & Co., Sun + Stone, Sutton Studio, Tasso Elba, The Cellar, Tools of the Trade and Wild Pair. The trademarks associated with the Company's private label brands, other than Martha Stewart Collection, are owned by the Company. The Martha Stewart Collection is owned by a third party, which licenses the trademark associated with the brand to Company pursuant to an agreement. The agreement for the Martha Stewart Collection ended on January 31, 2023 and the Company will sell through remaining inventory during 2023. Competition The retail industry is highly competitive. The Company’s operations compete with many retail formats on the national and local level, including department stores, specialty stores, general merchandise stores, manufacturers' outlets and websites, off-price and discount stores, online retailers and catalogs, among others. The Company seeks to attract customers by offering compelling, high-quality products, great prices and trusted service across all channels, including its digital platforms. Other retailers may compete for customers on some or all of these bases, or on other bases, and may be perceived by some potential customers as being better aligned with their particular preferences. Government Regulation We are subject to extensive and varied laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate in connection with both our core business operations and our credit card and other ancillary operations, including those relating to anti-bribery, customs, child labor, truth-in-advertising, consumer protection, zoning, occupancy, anti‑corruption and trade, anti money laundering, import and export compliance, antitrust, data privacy and data protection, employment, workplace safety, public health and safety, environmental compliance, intellectual property, transportation, and fire codes. Our policies mandate compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and we operate our business in accordance with standards and procedures designed to comply with these laws and regulations. We believe that we are in compliance with such laws and regulations in all material respects and do not expect that continued compliance with such regulations will have a material effect upon capital expenditures, earnings, or our competitive position. Available Information The Company makes its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) available free of charge through its internet website at https://www.macysinc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. In addition, the Company has made the following available free of charge through its website at https://www.macysinc.com : • Charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Finance Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, • Corporate Governance Principles, • Lead Independent Director Policy, • Non-Employee Director Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, • Code of Conduct, • Standards for Director Independence, • Related Person Transactions Policy, • Method to Facilitate Receipt, Retention and Treatment of Communications, and • Proxy Access By-Laws. 4 Table of Contents Any of these items are also available in print to any shareholder who requests them. Requests should be sent to the Corporate Secretary of Macy’s, Inc. at 151 West 34th Street, New York, New York 10001. Human Capital Resources Culture & Engagement At Macy's Inc., we strive to be the preferred employer across our brands through an unwavering passion and commitment to our customers, communities and employees (called colleagues). The Company's workplace is rooted in equity and guided by its social purpose, called Mission Every One , to create a brighter future with bold representation for all. The Company gathers colleague feedback at key times throughout the colleague lifecycle from onboarding to offboarding and provides regular venues for colleagues to ask questions and share their opinions, such as Ask Me Anything sessions, town halls and colleague resource groups. The Company formally solicits feedback from all colleagues twice a year through company-wide Culture Pulse Survey. The results are shared across the organization to provide visibility to both managers (called people leaders) and colleagues, to help create opportunities for open and constructive discussions among teams and to facilitate action planning to improve the colleague experience. Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) The Company's commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is guided by its values and starts from within by working to build a workforce that represents the customers and communities it serves at all levels and making structural changes to implement practices and processes designed to be equitable and cultivate a culture of belonging. The Company seeks to empower colleagues to harness and unleash the power of their individuality to help drive better business decisions for customers and shareholders. In 2019, the Company launched its MOSAIC program to advance the diversity of its leadership. The MOSAIC program is a one-year professional development program for colleagues at the manager and director levels who self-identify as ethnically diverse, with continued support available as participants progress through their careers. Approximately 68% of program participants were promoted or moved into a new role since the program was launched. We have made significant progress towards our aspiration to increase ethnically diverse representation at the director level and above by 2025. The Company believes people leaders play an important role in driving performance and an inclusive culture. In 2020, the Company incorporated People Leader Commitments (which were launched in 2019) and DE&I into the performance review process. In 2021, the Company included standardized DE&I goals into annual reviews at the director level and above. In 2022, the Company included a diversity goal as part of its annual incentive program. To increase data accuracy and better understand the diverse dimensions of our colleagues, the Company plans to build the framework to capture DE&I-related dimensions beyond what is self-identified at the time of hire to advance the Company's benefits offering and colleague engagement efforts. Company-sponsored, employee-led resource groups (ERGs) provide an opportunity for colleagues to experience connection, achieve belonging and develop leadership skills. In 2022, ERGs continued to expand beyond our corporate offices to an additional 198 Store ERG chapters across the country to further reinforce community building. In 2023, the Company plans to rebrand ERGs to Colleague Resource Groups (CRGs) and continue to strengthen the model through greater executive sponsorship, tools and community visibility. By the end of 2023, we expect that all Macy's and Bloomingdale's colleagues in both corporate offices and stores will have the opportunity to join a CRG chapter. The Company has achieved a score of 100 every year since 2015 on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index, earning the designation as “Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality.” This index is the nation’s foremost benchmarking survey and report measuring corporate policies and practices related to LGBTQ+ workplace equality. For the past two years, the Company was recognized by the NBIC, a coalition of the nation’s leading business organizations representing diverse communities, as one of the Top 50 Best-of-the-Best Corporations for Inclusion and Women's Enterprise National Council with America's Top Corporations Award for the commitment to create a brighter future for women-owned businesses. The Company's DE&I focus areas extend beyond its colleagues and include community, customers, marketing and suppliers. Below are a few additional highlights from the past year: • Hosted first Vendor Pitch Competition and awarded over $250,000 in business grants to graduates of The Workshop at Macy’s 2022 program. • Launched S.P.U.R. Pathways: Shared Purpose, Unlimited Reach to help businesses gain access to capital to accelerate growth and create new jobs in historically underserved and underfunded communities. 5 Table of Contents • Expanded our portfolio of diverse suppliers, adding over 175 new diverse-owned businesses online and in-store. Increased number of Black-owned brands by 8 times since signing the Fifteen Percent Pledge in 2020. • Launched DE&I simulation-based training across the Company, which established new benchmarks and insights to inform future programming and people leader development efforts. • Donated $1M to advance social justice and racial equity causes; additionally, $1M was donated to various Divine Nine Sorority education and research foundations, in honor of the first-of-its-kind Divine Nine Sorority Collection. • Leveraged best in class partners, such as JOY Collective and Publicis Once & For All Coalition, to advance the cultural fluency of our marketing and media. Learning & Development Macy’s, Inc. believes that learning goes hand in hand with career growth, personal satisfaction and outstanding results. The Company aspires to create a learning culture where colleagues can build their skills, apply their learning to address business challenges and share their knowledge, including their mistakes, to help others grow. Learning is accessible through Ignite (powered by Degreed), the Company’s self-directed learning experience platform as well as through technology, social learning and meaningful experiences and exposures with colleagues. We have also partnered with Guild Education to provide eligible colleagues with a fully-funded education benefit, including more than 100 programs that range from foundational learning–such as high school completion and English language–to college degrees. The Company makes investments in its people leaders and future leaders. Macy’s Executive Development Program and Bloomingdale’s Leadership Development Program offer immersive, hands-on learning experiences for recent college graduates from top universities across the U.S. to jump-start a career in retail, with specialization in technology, digital, stores, merchandising, and supply chain. Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s offer internships for college students and Bloomingdale’s offers an early immersion program focused on providing experiential learning and career exposure to those who identify with underrepresented groups. Bluemercury’s Shooting Stars is a six-month mentorship program that empowers mentees to own their journey by creating a development plan, becoming an inclusive leader and leveraging resources to support their career aspirations. In 2022, the Company launched a multi-year career development initiative. This incentive included the launch of a Career Hub on the Company intranet to offer user-friendly tools to assist colleagues at any part of their career journey; a two-week virtual Career Expo that featured 18 workshops, panel discussions, external speakers and functional showcases to give colleagues a better sense of career opportunities across the Company; and people leader support with learning plans focused on career coaching and development. People leaders participate annually in required leadership development training and have access to robust on-demand development resources. Professional colleagues participate in a 90-day onboarding experience with performance milestones, support resources and role-specific training Total Rewards Macy’s, Inc. offers comprehensive benefits and an awards strategy that is designed to recognize performance and talent development. Eligible colleagues have varied medical plan options to meet individual needs. The Company provides paid time-off, parental leave and holiday pay, as well as a company 401(k) plan and match, dependent care flexible spending account and a colleague merchandise discount for eligible colleagues. The Company believes that pay equity is fundamental to its culture and DE&I strategy. Compensation is based on job, responsibilities, experience and performance with incentive opportunities that allow colleagues to share in the Company’s success. In 2022, the Company began sharing more pay information with our colleagues and educate our colleagues about our pay programs. All colleagues nationwide have access to view their job’s pay zone and salary range. Additionally, all job postings nationwide include the job’s salary range. People leaders and salaried colleagues were given the opportunity to attend Compensation Education Webinars to learn how pay is determined, and deep dive into our incentive programs. The Company also enhanced strategic investments in colleagues, providing free education and increasing the minimum wage to $15 per hour. Number of Employees As of January 28, 2023, excluding seasonal employees, Macy's, Inc. had 94,570 full-time and part-time employees. The Company’s workforce is comprised of approximately 64% ethnically diverse colleagues and 73% female colleagues. Because of the seasonal nature of the retail business, the number of employees peaks during the holiday season. Approximately 8% of employees are represented by unions. 6 Table of Contents Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) The Company's relationships with its customers, colleagues and the communities it serves drive a deep sense of stewardship in how the Company interacts with its stakeholders. The guiding principles of the Company's ESG strategy are: • managing the environmental impact of its business; • promoting positive social impact; and • implementing strong governance practices that hold Macy's, Inc. accountable. The Company proactively engages with its stakeholders on ESG issues that span the breadth of its operations. This includes transparency, product responsibility and supply chain and energy management. Macy's, Inc. is guided in its actions and reporting by its stakeholders and by third-party frameworks, including Sustainability Accounting Standards Board’s multiline and specialty retailers and distributors standard and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. The Company continues to advance its ESG strategy as it responds to evolving stakeholder expectations. Certain highlights of recent ESG accomplishments include earning a B score on its 2021 CDP Climate Change Report, joining Better Cotton and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, launching a Restricted Substance List and testing protocol for Private Brands, and investing in our female factory workers by rolling out 10 Worker Well Being programs in private brand factories with BSR’s HERProject. The Company's management is responsible for the development and implementation of its ESG strategies and programs. Ultimate oversight by the Company’s Board of Directors is included in its committee charters and practices. The Chief Financial Officer along with the management Disclosure Committee engages with stakeholders on ESG-related issues (including climate) and provides feedback to management and the Board. The Chief Supply Chain Officer reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for the management teams that manage ESG initiatives and supply chain transparency. Management committees, including the Sustainability Executive Steering Committee, Disclosure Committee and Corporate Strategy Group, also approve the ESG strategy and priorities, guide risk management and link to growth opportunities. The Environmental Services team is responsible for the development of the Company's environmental programs for all facilities across the organization. These programs include policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information as of March 23, 2023 regarding the Executive Officers of the Company: Name Age Position with the Company Jeff Gennette 61 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Adrian V. Mitchell 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Elisa D. Garcia 65 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Danielle L. Kirgan 47 Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation and Human Resources Officer Tony Spring 57 Executive Vice President, Macy's Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bloomingdale's Paul Griscom 42 Senior Vice President and Controller Executive Officer Biographies Jeff Gennette has been Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 2017 and Chairman of the Board since January 2018; prior thereto he was President from 2014 to 2017, Chief Merchandising Officer from 2009 to 2014, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Macy’s West in San Francisco from 2008 to 2009 and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Seattle-based Macy’s Northwest from 2006 through 2008. 7 Table of Contents Adrian V. Mitchell has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since 2020; prior thereto he served as a Managing Director and Partner in the Digital BCG and Consumer Practices of Boston Consulting Group, a global management consulting firm, from 2017 to 2020, Chief Executive Officer of Arhaus LLC, a retail chain that designs and sells home furnishings, from 2016 to 2017, in various executive positions at Crate and Barrel Holdings, Inc. from 2010 to 2015 including interim CEO, Chief Operating & Chief Financial Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and in management positions at Target Corporation from 2007 to 2010 including Director of Strategy & Interactive Design for target.com and Director of Innovation & Productivity leading company-wide projects for Target Corporation. Elisa D. Garcia has been Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company since 2016; prior thereto she served as Chief Legal Officer of Office Depot, Inc. from 2013 to 2016, Executive Vice President and Secretary from 2007 to 2016 and General Counsel from 2007 to 2013. Danielle L. Kirgan has been Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation and Human Resources Officer of the Company since 2020 and Chief Human Resources Officer since 2017; prior thereto she served as Senior Vice President, People at American Airlines Group, Inc., an airline holding company, from 2016 to 2017, Chief Human Resources Officer at Darden Restaurants, Inc. from 2015 to 2016 and Senior Vice President from 2010, Vice President, Global Human Resources at ACI Worldwide, Inc. in 2009, and Vice President, Human Resources at Conagra Foods, Inc. from 2004 to 2008. Tony Spring has been Executive Vice President of the Company since 2021 and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bloomingdale's since 2014; prior thereto he served as President and Chief Operations Officer at Bloomingdale's from 2008 to 2014, Senior Executive Vice President from 2004 to 2008, Executive Vice President of Marketing from 1998 to 2004 and held various other roles within the Bloomingdale's organization from 1987 to 1998 where he assumed positions of increasing responsibility in the home furnishings area before being promoted to Senior Vice President for home furnishings. Paul Griscom has been Senior Vice President and Controller of the Company since 2020; prior thereto he served as Vice President and interim Principal Accounting Officer in 2020, Vice President, Financial Reporting and Accounting Services from 2019 to 2020, Vice President, Financial Reporting from 2017 to 2019, Director of Financial Reporting from 2016 to 2017, Director, Training & Products, GAAP Dynamics from 2012 to 2016 and held various positions at KPMG LLP from 2000 to 2012. 8 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors. In evaluating the Company, the risks described below and the matters described under “Forward-Looking Statements” should be considered carefully. Such risks and matters are numerous and diverse, may be experienced continuously or intermittently, and may vary in intensity and effect. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Any of such risks and matters, individually or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as on the attractiveness and value of an investment in the Company’s securities. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. Strategic, Operational and Competitive Risks Our strategic plans and initiatives may not be successful, which could negatively affect our profitability and growth. In 2020, we announced the Polaris strategy, a multi-year plan designed to stabilize profitability and position the Company for sustainable, profitable growth. We continue to refine the components of the Polaris strategy, including a focus on winning with fashion and style, delivering clear value, excelling in digital shopping, enhancing store experience, modernizing supply chain and enabling transformation. Our digitally-led omni-channel strategy is committed to creating a seamless integration between physical stores and digital shopping. We plan to continue our focus on strengthening our omni-channel capabilities with investments in digital shopping experiences, data and analytics, physical stores, technology infrastructure and more efficient fulfillment capabilities. These initiatives have required and will continue to require our management, colleagues, and contractors to make transformational changes in our business operations and to improve productivity. These initiatives are also subject to the ability to attract and retain skilled personnel to support the initiatives. We face challenges in executing our Polaris strategy and initiatives in the current environment of inflation, increased interest rates, economic uncertainty and other macroeconomic conditions that may impact discretionary spending. Our ability to achieve sustainable, profitable growth is subject to the successful implementation of our strategic plans, including the Polaris strategy, and realization of anticipated benefits and savings. If we are unable to successfully execute our strategic plans and initiatives to achieve the intended results or these investments or initiatives do not perform as expected or create implementation or operational challenges, our profitability and growth could suffer. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations, or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics, shifts in consumer preferences, expectations and needs, unexpected weather conditions, public health issues (including pandemics and related shut-downs or other actions by government regulators or others) or natural disasters, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores and distribution or fulfillment centers and maintaining an excellent customer experience. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use and protect relevant customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations, but is subject to the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy, security and other external factors. Customer preferences and expectations related to sustainability of products and operations are also increasing. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Our sales and operating results depend on our ability to manage our inventory and merchandise selection. Our profitability depends on our ability to manage inventory levels and merchandise selection. Overestimating customer demand for merchandise can result in the need to record unplanned and incremental inventory markdowns and sell excess inventory at clearance prices, which would negatively impact our gross margins and operating results. Underestimating customer demand for merchandise can lead to inventory shortages, missed sales opportunities and negative customer experiences. 9 Table of Contents The Company faces significant competition and challenges as consumers continue to migrate to digital shopping channels and depends on its ability to differentiate itself in retail ’ s ever-changing environment. We conduct our retail merchandising business under highly competitive conditions. Although Macy’s, Inc. is one of the nation’s largest retailers, we have numerous and varied competitors at the national and local levels, including department stores, specialty stores, general merchandise stores, manufacturers’ outlets and websites, off-price and discount stores, online retailers and catalogs, among others. Competition is characterized by many factors, including assortment, advertising, price, quality, service, location, reputation and credit availability. Any failure by us to compete effectively could negatively affect our business and results of operations. As consumers continue to migrate to digital shopping channels, we face pressures to not only compete from a price perspective with our competitors, some of whom sell the same products, but also to differentiate Macy’s, Inc’s. merchandise offerings, services and shopping experiences to stay relevant as a modern department store in retail’s ever-changing environment. We launched Macy’s digital Marketplace in September 2022 featuring a collection of new brands and products from third party sellers to introduce customers to new merchandise options. We continue to significantly invest in our omni-channel capabilities, seeking to improve the profitability of our digital business through delivery expense reduction, gross margin expansion and other initiatives to support digital sales growth. We continue to seek to improve the delivery experience of our customers with strategic investments to fulfill digital sales demand and elevated delivery speed expectations. Insufficient, untimely or misguided investments in these areas could significantly impact our profitability and growth. In addition, a significant decline of customer store traffic or migration of sales from brick-and-mortar stores to digital platforms could lead to additional store closures, restructuring and other costs that could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Our ability to grow depends in part on our stores remaining relevant to customers. We have invested in facilities and fixtures upgrades, merchandise assortment and customer service in selected stores to improve customer retention rates and overall customer satisfaction. We have opened new off-mall smaller store formats – Market by Macy’s and Bloomie’s – in selected markets to promote customer acquisition, test replacement, expansion or market entry locations, and support our omni-market capabilities. We also introduced permanent Toys “R” Us shops within all Macy’s locations. While these store investments, off-mall store formats, and in-store shops are intended to improve the customer store experience and drive traffic, realization of these benefits may not occur. Because we rely on the ability of our physical retail locations to attract customers, provide full or curated merchandise selections, drive traffic to digital channels and assist in fulfillment, returns and other omni-channel functions, providing a desirable and sought-out shopping experience is important to our financial success. Changes in consumer shopping habits, an over-malled/over-retailed environment, financial difficulties at other anchor tenants, significant mall vacancy issues, mall violence and new on- and off-mall developments could each adversely impact the traffic at current retail locations and lead to a decline in our financial condition or performance. We may not be able to successfully execute our real estate strategy. We continue to explore opportunities to monetize our real estate portfolio, including sales of stores as well as non-store real estate, such as warehouses, outparcels and parking garages. We also continue to evaluate our real estate portfolio to identify opportunities where the redevelopment value of our real estate exceeds the value of non-strategic operating locations. This strategy is multi-pronged and may include transactions, strategic alliances or other arrangements with mall developers or other unrelated third-parties. Where feasible, we may subdivide an existing parcel, continue to operate a store and redevelop any excess parcel for mixed-use, or close the store and redevelop an entire parcel into a mixed-use development, in either event selling the parcel once the site development plan is approved by governmental authorities. Due to the cyclical nature of real estate markets and the risks of real estate development, the performance of our real estate strategy is inherently volatile and could have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Our revenues and cash requirements are affected by the seasonal nature of our business. Our business is seasonal, with a high proportion of revenues and operating cash flows generated during the second half of the year, which includes the fall and the months of November and December. A disproportionate amount of our revenues is realized in the fourth quarter due to this seasonality. Should sales during this period fall below our expectations, a disproportionately negative impact on our annual results of operations could occur. 10 Table of Contents We generally incur significant additional expenses in the period leading up to the months of November and December in anticipation of higher sales volume in those periods, including costs for additional inventory, advertising and employees. If we are not successful in executing our sales strategy during this period, we may have to sell the inventory at significantly reduced prices or may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. We depend on our ability to attract, train, develop and retain quality colleagues. Our business is dependent upon attracting, training, developing and retaining quality employees at all levels of the organization, and management personnel to develop and effectively execute successful business strategies. Macy’s, Inc. has a large number of employees, many of whom are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet labor needs while controlling costs associated with hiring and training new employees is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. In recent years, low unemployment, labor shortages, intense competition for talent and a competitive wage environment have impacted our ability to attract, recruit and retain talent. Increases in labor costs and the cost of employee benefits could impact our financial results and cash flow. Minimum wage increases by states and wage and benefit increases to attract and retain workers in a tight labor market have increased labor costs in the retail sector. These increased costs pressure our margins and could have a negative impact on our financial results. Our expenses relating to employee health benefits are significant. Recent medical plan cost increases have been driven by a rise in high-cost claimants, high-cost conditions, high utilization of outpatient facilities, physicians and in-hospital stays, and demographic shifts to an older enrollment population. Unfavorable changes in the cost of employee health benefits could negatively affect our financial results and cash flow. Healthcare costs have risen significantly in recent years, and legislative and private sector initiatives regarding healthcare reform have resulted and could continue to result in significant changes to the U.S. healthcare system. Due to uncertainty regarding legislative or regulatory changes, we are not able to fully determine the impact that future healthcare reform could have on our company-sponsored medical plans. If cash flows from our private label and co-branded credit cards decrease, our financial and operational results may be negatively impacted. In 2005, in connection with the sale of most of the Company’s credit card accounts and related receivable balances to Citibank, N.A. (Citibank), the Company and Citibank entered into a long-term marketing and servicing alliance pursuant to the terms of a Credit Card Program Agreement (Credit Card Program). Subsequent to this initial arrangement and associated amendments, on December 13, 2021, the Company entered into the sixth amendment to the amended and restated Credit Card Program with Citibank (the Program Agreement), pursuant to which Citibank issues, maintains and services Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s private label and co-branded credit cards. Under the Program Agreement, which extends until March 31, 2030, Citibank owns the credit card receivables generated from sales through the credit cards and Macy’s receives fees and shares in profits based on a tiered return on the receivables portfolio net of program expenses. Credit card revenues, net were $863 million, or approximately 3.5% of net sales, for 2022. Deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect the volume of new credit accounts, the amount of credit card program balances and the ability of credit card holders to pay their balances. These conditions could result in the Company receiving lower payments under the credit card program. In addition, recent shifts from sales through our proprietary credit cards to debit products and alternative buy-now-pay-later payment methods may result in increased costs and could have a negative impact to credit card revenues due to potentially reduced credit card receivable balances. Credit card operations are subject to many federal and state laws that may impose certain requirements and limitations on credit card providers. Citibank and our subsidiary bank, FDS Bank, may be required to comply with regulations that may negatively impact the operation of our proprietary credit card. This negative impact may affect our revenue streams derived from the credit cards receivables portfolio and our financial results. In February 2023 the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau proposed to amend Regulation Z to lower the safe harbor dollar amount credit card companies can charge for late fees from up to $41 to $8 for a missed payment. The proposed rule is subject to a notice and comment period. If adopted as proposed the rule would reduce the amount of late fees that can be charged, which could have a negative impact on Macy's Inc. credit card revenues. 11 Table of Contents Our defined benefit plan funding requirements or plan settlement expense could impact our financial results and cash flow. Significant changes in interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and timing and amount of benefit payments could affect the funded status of our plans and could increase future funding requirements of the plans. A significant increase in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. These plans allow eligible retiring employees to receive lump sum distributions of benefits earned. Under applicable accounting rules, if annual lump sum distributions exceed an actuarially determined threshold of the total of the annual service and interest costs, we would be required to recognize in the current period of operations a settlement expense of a portion of the unrecognized actuarial loss, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. If our Company’s reputation and brand image are not maintained at a high level, our operations and financial results may suffer. We believe our reputation and brand image are partially based on the perception that we act equitably and honestly in dealing with our customers, employees, business partners and shareholders. Our reputation and brand image may be deteriorated by any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public, particularly if the incident results in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. Information about us, whether or not true, may be instantly posted on social media platforms at any time, which could adversely impact our reputation or brand image. The harm could be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Other brand risks include an active shooter incident at a store or injury or death at a parade or other branded event. If our reputation or brand image is damaged, our customers may refuse to continue shopping with us, potential employees may be unwilling to work for us, business partners may be discouraged from seeking future business dealings with us and, as a result, our business and results of operations may suffer. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our brands and business could be damaged. We believe that our copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets and similar intellectual property are important assets and key elements of our strategy, including those related to our private brand merchandise. We rely on copyright and trademark law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and others to protect our proprietary rights. If the steps we take to protect our proprietary rights are inadequate, or if we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other proprietary rights for any reason, our merchandise brands and business could be negatively affected. Infrastructure Risks Unforeseen disruptions in our distribution and fulfillment centers could have an adverse impact on our business and operations. Our business depends on the orderly receipt and distribution of merchandise and effective management of our distribution and fulfillment centers. Unforeseen disruptions in operations due to fire, severe weather conditions (including those that may be caused by climate change), natural disasters, health pandemics or other catastrophic events, labor disagreements, or other shipping problems may result in the loss or unavailability of inventory and/or delays in the delivery of merchandise to our stores, fulfillment centers and customers. Failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit and protect transactions and data. Some of these systems are managed or provided by third-party service providers, including certain cloud platform providers. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity and security of, and consistent access to, this operational and financial data for information such as sales, customer data, employee data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, and post-purchase matters. For these information technology systems, applications and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading or patching of these systems, applications or processes could impair, and on occasion have impaired, their effectiveness or expose us to security risks. 12 Table of Contents Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to, and on occasion have experienced, damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power and other critical infrastructure outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, internal or external data theft or misuse, cyberattacks, responsive containment measures by us that may involve voluntarily taking systems off line, natural disasters and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes or other extreme weather events, public health concerns such as pandemics, military conflicts, acts of war, terrorism or civil unrest, other systems outages, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, and design or usage errors or malfeasance by our employees, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations or impair data security, impact our ability to operate or access communications, financial or banking systems, be costly, time consuming and resource-intensive to remedy and adversely impact our reputation and relationship with customers, suppliers, shareholders or regulators. We are making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure and personnel, in some cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. These investments involve replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems, outsourcing certain technology and business processes to third-party service providers, making changes to existing systems including the migration of applications to the cloud, maintaining or enhancing legacy systems, or designing or acquiring new systems. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, changes in security processes and internal controls, cost overruns, implementation delays or errors and disruption of operations. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our digital retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. Through our information technology systems, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms. We use our digital platforms as sales channels for our products and services, as methods of providing inspiration, and as sources of product and other relevant information to our customers to help drive sales. We also have multiple online communities, digital platforms and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, with a significant increase in sales initiated online and via mobile applications. We must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a digital and interconnected experience. We continually seek to enhance our online and digital properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly interface for our customers. Disruptions, delays, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, or a failure of these systems to meet our or our customers’ expectations, could impair the benefits they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers and, as a result, our financial performance and results of operations. Information Security, Cybersecurity, Privacy and Data Management Risks A breach of our information technology systems could adversely affect our reputation, business partner and customer relationships and operations, and result in higher costs. Through our sales, marketing activities, and use of third-party information, we collect and store certain non-public personal information that customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on websites, or otherwise communicate to us. This may include phone numbers, driver license numbers, contact preferences, personal information stored on electronic devices, and payment information, including credit and debit card data. We gather and retain information about employees in the normal course of business. We may share sensitive company data with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business, such as social media and data analytics firms. In addition, our digital operations depend upon the transmission of confidential information over the Internet, such as information permitting cashless payments. We employ safeguards for the protection of this information and have made significant investments to secure access to our information technology network, the importance of which has increased due to many of our colleagues working remotely. For instance, we have implemented authentication protocols, installed firewalls and anti-virus/anti-malware software, established data security breach preparedness and response plans, conduct continuous risk assessments, and mitigate software vulnerability with security patches. We also employ encryption and other methods to protect our data, promote security awareness with our employees and work with business partners in an effort to create secure and compliant systems. 13 Table of Contents Protections we have in place to safeguard this information may be compromised as a result of third-party security breaches, theft, cyberattacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks and ransomware errors by employees or employees of third-party vendors, or contractors, misappropriation of data by employees, vendors or unaffiliated third-parties, or other irregularities that may result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to company data. Retail data frequently targeted by cybercriminals includes consumer credit card data, personally identifiable information, including social security numbers, and health care information. For retailers, point of sale and e-commerce websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing, vishing and credential stuffing. Other methods of attack include advanced malware, the exploitation of software and operating vulnerabilities, and physical device tampering/skimming at card reader units. We believe these attack methods will continue to evolve. In addition, the risk of cyber-based attacks is heightened with many of our employees working and accessing our technology infrastructure remotely. Cyber threats are increasing in scope, sophistication and frequency and bad actors are exploiting vulnerabilities to gain access to networks for the purpose of implementing ransomware, which is used to encrypt and steal data both from main and backup systems and causes public-facing business interruptions. Our ability to react, mitigate and restore services from an interruption of our systems and processes is key to avoiding adverse financial impacts resulting from loss of sales, services and the cost of paying a ransom. Remote work has also created additional challenges to our ability to protect remote workers, corporate networks and cloud environments. We are identifying, tracking and mitigating advanced phishing, malware and attempted credential compromises daily. These attacks are typically occurring on home networks and migrate to the corporate network. However, despite instituting controls for the protection of information, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service change frequently and our systems and networks may nevertheless remain vulnerable to threats and attacks. To date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or results of operations. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception to employees, contractors, vendors and temporary staff. During the normal course of business, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information systems. We may be unable to protect the integrity of our systems or company data. An alleged or actual unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure of non-public personal information could: • materially damage our reputation and brand, negatively affect customer satisfaction and loyalty, expose us to individual claims or consumer class actions, administrative, civil or criminal investigations or actions, and infringe on proprietary information; and • cause us to incur substantial costs, including costs associated with remediation of information technology systems, customer protection costs and incentive payments for the maintenance of business relationships, litigation costs, lost revenues resulting from negative changes in consumer shopping patterns, unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack. While we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber risk. Supply Chain and Third-Party Risks Our private brand products subject us to certain increased risks, including regulatory, product liability, intellectual property, supplier relations and reputational risks. As we expand our private brand offerings, we may become subject to increased risks due to our greater role in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of those products. Risks include greater responsibility to administer and comply with applicable regulatory requirements, increased potential product liability and recall exposure, and increased potential reputational risks related to the responsible sourcing of those products. To effectively execute on our private brand strategy, we must also be able to successfully protect our proprietary rights and navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties. An increase in sales of our private brand products may adversely affect sales of our vendors’ products and, in turn, our relationships with certain of our vendors. Any failure to appropriately address these risks could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents We depend on vendors and other sources of merchandise, goods and services outside the U.S. Our business has been and could in the future continue to be affected by disruptions in, or other legal, regulatory, political, economic or public health issues associated with, our supply network. We depend on vendors for timely and efficient access to products we sell. We source the majority of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily Asia. In the normal course of business, we provide credit enhancement to our vendors to support accounts receivable factoring and financing with third parties. Current economic conditions may adversely impact our vendors and they may be unable to access financing or become insolvent and unable to supply us with products, or we may be required to increase cash collateral levels or provide guarantees to support our vendors’ financing arrangements. Any major changes in tax policy, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity. We have experienced delays in merchandise inventory receipts and product delivery due to a continuing global shortage of vessels and air freight, port congestion, a global worker shortage impacting shipping and ports, truck driver shortages, rail congestion at major freight hubs and increasing demand for consumer goods. Although these delays have not materially impacted our operations to date, they could potentially have a material adverse impact on future product availability, product mix and sales if the delays do not improve. We have also experienced increases in shipping rates from Trans-Pacific ocean carriers due to increases in spot market rates and shortage of shipping capacity from China and other parts of Asia, and increases in trucking costs due to truck driver shortages and fuel costs. The procurement of all our goods and services is subject to the effects of price increases, which we may or may not be able to pass through to our customers. In addition, our procurement of goods and services from outside the U.S. is subject to risks associated with political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs, health pandemics and other factors relating to foreign trade. All of these factors may affect our ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms, are beyond our control and could negatively affect our business, results of operations and liquidity. We source a significant amount of our private label products from factories in China and, to a lesser extent, from factories in Vietnam, India, Indonesia, Jordan and other countries. Since 2017, the U.S. and China have been engaged in a trade dispute that has involved a number of actions against China including the imposition of tariffs on Chinese imports; sanctions on Chinese military-industrial complex companies; stricter reviews of direct investments in the U.S. by Chinese companies; and detention by U.S. Customs of products made in Xinjiang involving alleged human rights violations, which have or may prompt countersanctions or other retaliatory actions from the Chinese government. In addition, differing policies on China–Taiwan and the Russia–Ukraine war have further strained relations between the countries. These geopolitical, trade and investment tensions have created additional uncertainty and increased risk in doing business in China, including potential supply disruptions and higher costs of our products sourced or imported from China. In recent years, the U.S. has been engaged in extended trade negotiations with China, which has resulted in the implementation of tariffs on a significant number of products manufactured in China and imported into the U.S. While recent tariffs and modifications to trade agreements have not resulted in a material impact on our business, results of operations, and liquidity to date, any additional actions, if ultimately enacted, could negatively impact our ability and the ability of our third-party vendors and suppliers to source products from foreign jurisdictions, which could lead to an increase in the cost of goods and adversely affect the Company’s profitability. We continue to evaluate the impact of currently effective tariffs, including potential future retaliatory tariffs, as well as other recent changes in foreign trade policy and the U.S. Administration on our supply chain, costs, sales and profitability, and are working through strategies to mitigate such impact, including reviewing sourcing options and working with our vendors and merchants. At this time, it is unknown how long U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods will remain in effect or whether additional tariffs will be imposed. Depending upon their duration and implementation, as well as our ability to mitigate their impact, these changes in foreign trade policy and any recently enacted, proposed and future tariffs on products imported by us from China could negatively impact our business, results of operations and liquidity if they seriously disrupt the movement of products through our supply chain or increase their cost. In addition, while we may be able to shift our sourcing options, executing such a shift would be time consuming and would be difficult or impracticable for many products and may result in an increase in our manufacturing costs. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, retaliatory tariffs, or other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies have the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and/or the U.S. economy, which in turn could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 15 Table of Contents If our vendors, or any raw material vendors on which our vendors or our private label business relies, suffer prolonged manufacturing or transportation disruptions due to public health conditions or other unforeseen events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to source product could be adversely impacted which would adversely affect our results of operations. Disruption of global sourcing activities and quality and other concerns over our own brands could negatively impact brand reputation and earnings. Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source products, as well as shipping and dockage issues, could adversely impact the availability or cost of our products, or both. Most of the Company’s goods imported to the U.S. arrive from Asia through ports located on the U.S. west coast and are subject to potential disruption due to labor unrest or shortages, security issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports. In addition, in recent years, we have substantially increased the number and types of merchandise that are sold under the Company’s proprietary brands. While we have focused on the quality of our proprietary branded products, we rely on third-parties to manufacture these products. Such third-party manufacturers may prove to be unreliable, the quality of our globally sourced products may vary from expectations and standards, the products may not meet applicable regulatory requirements which may require us to recall these products, or the products may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third-parties. We face challenges in seeking indemnities from manufacturers of these products, including the uncertainty of recovering on such indemnity and the lack of understanding by manufacturers of U.S. product liability laws in certain foreign jurisdictions. We also face concerns relating to human rights, working conditions and other labor rights, and conditions and environmental impact in factories or countries where merchandise that we sell is produced, as well as concerns about transparent sourcing and supply chains. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations relating to production of merchandise, doing business in foreign countries and importing merchandise, and to screen, train and monitor our private label vendors to confirm safe and ethical treatment of workers in our supply chain, there can be no assurance that our vendors and other third parties with whom we do business will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies, which could subject us to liability and could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations and business. Material disruptions in relationships with third-parties with whom the Company does business could adversely affect its operations. The Company is a party to contracts, transactions and business relationships with various third parties, including suppliers, service providers, lenders and participants in joint ventures, strategic alliances and other commercial relationships. In some cases, we depend upon such third parties to provide products, services, advertising, technology infrastructure, development and support, data analytics, logistics, other goods and services to operate our business in the ordinary course, extensions of credit, credit card accounts and related receivables, and other matters. Furthermore, third-party vendors may sell products directly to consumers in addition to, or in some cases in lieu of, traditional wholesale channels such as independent stores and retail chains. As our business model depends on offering quality and relevant merchandise brands from third-party vendors in addition to our own private label products, any material disruption in our relationship with such vendors, or material disruption in the products or services provided by other third parties, could adversely affect our revenues, expense structure, earnings and operations. Economic, Global, Legal and External Risks The Company’s business is subject to discretionary consumer spending, unfavorable economic and political conditions, and other related risks. Our sales are significantly affected by changes in discretionary spending by consumers. Consumer spending may be affected by many factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions, consumer disposable income levels, consumer confidence levels, the availability, cost and level of consumer debt, consumer behaviors towards incurring and paying debt, the cost of basic necessities and other goods, the strength of the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies and the effects of the weather, natural disasters or health pandemics. These factors can have psychological or economic impacts on consumers that affect their discretionary spending habits. Any decline in discretionary spending by consumers could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Unfavorable global, domestic or regional economic or political conditions and other developments and risks could negatively affect our business and results of operations. For example, unfavorable changes related to interest rates, rates of economic growth, fiscal and monetary policies of governments, inflation, deflation, tax rates and policy, unemployment trends, energy prices, and other matters that influence the availability and cost of merchandise, consumer confidence, spending and tourism could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Unstable political conditions, civil unrest, terrorist activities, armed conflicts or events of extreme violence, including any escalation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may disrupt commerce and could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 16 Table of Contents We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) insurance limit. The FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank and New York Signature Bank on March 10, 2023 and March 12, 2023, respectively. The Company does not have any direct exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or New York Signature Bank. However, if other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments, or to draw on our existing lines of credit, may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our business could be materially adversely affected by extreme weather conditions, natural disasters or regional or global health pandemics. Extreme weather conditions, including those that may be caused by climate change, in the areas in which our stores are located could negatively affect our business and results of operations. For example, frequent or unusually heavy snowfall, ice storms, rainstorms or other extreme weather conditions over a prolonged period could make it difficult for our customers to travel to our stores and thereby reduce our sales and profitability. Our business is also susceptible to unseasonable weather conditions. For example, extended periods of unseasonably warm temperatures during the winter season or cool weather during the summer season could reduce demand for a portion of our inventory and thereby reduce our sales and profitability. In addition, extreme weather conditions could result in disruption or delay of production and delivery of materials and products in our supply chain and cause staffing shortages in our stores. Natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes, or a combination of these or other factors, could damage or destroy our facilities or make it difficult for customers to travel to our stores, thereby negatively affecting our business and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the retail industry, including our business. The Company temporarily closed all of its stores and subsequently furloughed the majority of its workforce from March 2020 through the second quarter of 2020 in response to government regulations, causing a temporary material decline in revenue and operating cash flow. The Company implemented safety measures and health and wellness precautions across its stores and facilities which resulted in additional selling, general and administrative expenses. The Company experienced delays in inventory receipts and disruptions in its supply chain. Liquidity was negatively impacted by the store closures and the Company incurred additional debt to improve its cash position. Should we experience a regional or global pandemic or other public health crisis, including from a COVID-19 variant, influenza, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, other microorganism, infectious disease or other cause, it could have a significant negative impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Litigation, legislation, regulatory developments or non-compliance could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, inquiries and initiatives in connection with both our core business operations and our credit card and other ancillary operations (including the Credit Card Act of 2009 and the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933). Recent and future developments relating to such matters could increase our compliance costs and adversely affect the profitability of our credit card and other operations. Our effective tax rate is impacted by a number of factors, including changes in federal or state tax law, interpretation of existing laws and the ability to defend and support the tax positions taken on historical tax returns. Certain changes in any of these factors could materially impact the Company’s effective tax rate and net income. The Inflation Reduction Act was enacted on August 16, 2022 and includes a number of provisions that may impact the Company, including a corporate alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations, incentives to address climate change mitigation and other non-income tax provisions, including an excise tax on the repurchase of our stock. We are assessing these impacts on our consolidated financial statements. We are also subject to anti-bribery, customs, child labor, truth-in-advertising and other laws, including consumer protection regulations and zoning and occupancy ordinances that regulate retailers generally and/or govern the importation, promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of retail stores and warehouse facilities. Although we undertake to monitor changes in these laws, if these laws change without our knowledge, or are violated by importers, designers, manufacturers, distributors or agents, we could experience delays in shipments and receipt of goods or be subject to fines or other penalties under the controlling regulations, any of which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition, we are regularly involved in various litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Adverse outcomes in current or future litigation could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in applicable environmental regulations, including increased or additional regulations to limit carbon emissions or other greenhouse gases may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations which could affect our profitability. 17 Table of Contents In addition, our business is subject to complex and rapidly evolving laws addressing data privacy and data protection and companies are under increased regulatory scrutiny with respect to these matters. The Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. The interpretation and application of existing laws regarding data privacy and data protection are in flux and many states are considering new regulations in this area. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), Virginia Consumer Privacy Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and other applicable U.S. privacy laws or new state or federal laws may limit our ability to collect and use data, require us to modify our data processing practices or result in the possibility of fines, litigation or orders which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The burdens imposed by these and other laws and regulations that may be enacted, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may also require us to incur substantial costs to reach compliance or change the manner in which we use data. Our sales and operating results could be adversely affected by product safety concerns. If our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or consumers' expectations regarding safety, we could experience decreased sales, increased costs and/or be exposed to legal and reputational risk. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation. Reputational damage caused by real or perceived product safety concerns could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Climate Change-Related Risks Climate change, or legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have identified certain climate change-related risks that may impact our business over the short-, medium- and long-term. The nature of these risks depends on both the physical aspects of climate change as well as legal, regulatory, and market requirements, pressure to reduce our carbon footprint and our ability to understand and respond to rapidly evolving developments. Climate change and related measures could have adverse impacts on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations, including, but not limited to: • Regulatory Risks. Unfavorable global, domestic or regional economic or political conditions and other developments and risks could negatively affect our business and results of operations. For example, energy or carbon policies (both existing and emerging) that apply to our energy suppliers have the ability to impact indirect costs to our operations through shifts in energy prices. Recent and future developments in regional cap-and-trade programs such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI), which sets a declining limit on emissions from regulated power plants within the RGGI states, could increase our energy costs and affect the profitability of operations. The RGGI program spans 11 states and includes Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Virginia. In 2020, Macy’s, Inc. reported energy data for 217 locations across these states and could experience increases in the cost of energy in these regions as a result of the RGGI program. From 2021 to 2022, Macy’s, Inc. experienced a 2% electricity cost increase across its sites located in RGGI states. Current environmental and climate-related regulation, both at the state and federal levels, are monitored as part of our enterprise risk management process. • Reputational Risk . Maintaining our Company’s reputation and brand image at a high level is critical to our operations and financial results. Reputational risk in relation to climate-related issues encompasses both supply chain issues and our position and progress toward cleaner energy production and consumption. We rely upon a diverse, global network of suppliers and vendors within our supply chain that may expose us to risks from a reputational and brand perspective. We utilize the Sustainable Apparel Coalition’s Higg Index, a suite of tools for the standardized measurement of value chain sustainability. Data is collected from multiple tiers in our Macy’s Private Brand apparel and home textile supply chains as part of our continued efforts to identify brand risk and advocate for sustainability improvements, including energy/greenhouse gas efficiency. Macy’s Private Brands supply chain is and will continue to be impacted by climate change related weather events that may cause supply disruptions. We also use the Higg Index to collect data about the likely resiliency of our supply chains and as an engagement tool to strengthen relationships and make continuous improvement. 18 Table of Contents We face increasing pressure to demonstrate our products are environmentally-friendly. Our efforts to mitigate that risk include using materials or processes that are third-party certified for environmentally-friendly attributes like OEKO-TEX® as well as trademarked fibers like TENCEL™ and REPREVE®. Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s have curated sitelets online to help strengthen Macy’s, Inc.’s position of being identified as a responsible retailer, committed to climate-related and broader environmental topics. These mitigation efforts may not be successful. • Technology Risk. We monitor developments in technology associated with climate change to determine the potential risks involved with maintaining a business-as-usual scenario or to evaluate opportunities for technological advancements or innovation. While the adoption of new technology to combat climate change has the potential to be a business opportunity, the resources associated with implementing this technology introduce financial risk to our organization. For example, upfront costs associated with efficiency projects such as LED lighting retrofits could negatively affect our business results if projected returns on investments are not met. Before adopting new technology, we evaluate the immediate costs and balance them with how long it will take to recoup the investment as well as how likely it is for that return to be realized. • Risk Related to Resource Use. There is increasing scrutiny on the use of resources, particularly energy sources and energy use. Pressure from regulators, consumers and other stakeholders to find alternatives and/or energy-efficient solutions to sharply reduce our use of natural resources is escalating. We continue to look for ways to address these issues and continue to explore developing best practices within the industry. Through memberships in industry groups such as the Sustainable Apparel Coalition, we are working to reduce the environmental and social impact of apparel and footwear products around the world. The use of recycled material textiles emits fewer greenhouse gas emissions and conserves water and energy as compared to making virgin fiber. Additionally, we have rolled out a framework to measure the social and environmental performance of over 500 facilities, benchmarking by facility type to allow comparison of performance against that of peers. Macy’s, Inc.’s greatest opportunity for energy reduction continues to be through our lighting. Since 2010, across Macy's and Bloomingdale's store locations, total energy consumption has been reduced by more than 18.4% through LED lighting retrofits. • Extreme Weather Events and Natural Disasters. The risk of extreme weather events is integrated into our climate change–related enterprise risk management assessment. Our business could be affected by extreme weather conditions, regional or global health pandemics or natural disasters. Extreme weather conditions, such as frequent or unusually heavy snowfall, ice storms, rainstorms or natural disasters such as wildfire over a prolonged period could make it difficult for our customers to travel to our stores and thereby reduce our sales and profitability. Natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes could damage or destroy our facilities, thereby negatively affecting our business and results of operations. Our business is also susceptible to unseasonable weather conditions, which could reduce demand for a portion of our inventory and reduce sales and profitability. In addition, extreme weather conditions could result in disruption or delay of production and delivery of materials and products in our supply chain or impact staffing in our stores. Financial Risks Inability to access capital markets could adversely affect our business or financial condition. Changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to this potential source of future liquidity. A downgrade in the ratings that rating agencies assign to the Company’s short- and long-term debt has and may continue to negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing. In addition, our asset-based credit facility requires us to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio. Our ability to comply with the ratio may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If our results of operations deteriorate to a point where we are not in compliance with our debt covenants, and we are unable to obtain a waiver, much of our debt would be in default and could become due and payable immediately. Our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full this indebtedness, resulting in a need for an alternate source of funding. We cannot make any assurances that we would be able to obtain such an alternate source of funding on satisfactory terms, if at all, and our inability to do so could cause the holders of our securities to experience a partial or total loss of their investments in the Company. 19 Table of Contents Our level of indebtedness may adversely affect our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants, react to changes in our business or the industry in which we operate, or prevent us from making payments on our indebtedness. As of January 28, 2023, the aggregate principal amount of our total outstanding indebtedness was $2,996 million. Our level of indebtedness could have important consequences for the holders of our debt and equity securities. For example, it could: • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations; • increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and external conditions; • impair our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; • require us to dedicate a material portion of our cash flows from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; • expose us to the risk of increased interest rates to the extent we make borrowings under our asset-based credit facility, which bears interest at a variable rate; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; • place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; and • limit our ability to adjust to changing market conditions. Any of these risks could materially impact our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.