Item 1A. Risk Factors 15 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item 2. Properties 19 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 20 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 21 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 23 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 40 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 41 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 70 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 70 Item 9B. Other Information 70 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 71 Item 11. Executive Compensation 71 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 71 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 72 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 72 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 73 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 76 1 Forward-Looking Statements We claim the protection of the safe-harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “estimate,” “may,” “could,” “will,” “believe,” “expect,” “would,” “consider,” “should,” “anticipate,” “project,” “plan,” “intend” or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this annual report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the economy in general, inflation, tariffs, product demand, the market for auto parts, competition, weather, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, consumer debt levels, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on public debt, governmental regulations, information security and cyber attacks, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the “Risk Factors” section of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 , for additional factors that could materially affect our financial performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. PART I Item 1. Business GENERAL INFORMATION O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. and its subsidiaries, collectively “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” or “O’Reilly,” is one of the largest specialty retailers of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment and accessories in the United States, selling our products to both do-it-yourself (“DIY”) and professional service provider customers, our “dual market strategy.” The business was founded in 1957 by Charles F. O’Reilly and his son, Charles H. “Chub’’ O’Reilly, Sr., and initially operated from a single store in Springfield, Missouri. Our common stock has traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “ORLY” since April 22, 1993. At December 31, 2018 , we operated 5,219 stores in 47 states. Our stores carry an extensive product line, including • new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, such as alternators, batteries, brake system components, belts, chassis parts, driveline parts, engine parts, fuel pumps, hoses, starters, temperature control and water pumps; • maintenance items, such as antifreeze, appearance products, engine additives, filters, fluids, lighting, oil and wiper blades; and • accessories, such as floor mats, seat covers and truck accessories. Our stores offer many enhanced services and programs to our customers, such as • battery diagnostic testing; • battery, wiper and bulb replacement; • check engine light code extraction; • custom hydraulic hoses; • drum and rotor resurfacing; • electrical and module testing; • loaner tool program; • machine shops; • professional paint shop mixing and related materials; and • used oil, oil filter and battery recycling. See the “Risk Factors” section of Item 1A of this annual report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks relevant to our business. These risk factors include, among others, deteriorating economic conditions, competition in the automotive aftermarket business, our sensitivity to regional economic and weather conditions, future growth assurance, our dependence upon key and other personnel, our relationships with key suppliers and availability of key products, our acquisition strategies, complications in our distribution centers (“DCs”), failure to achieve high levels of service and product quality, unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results, the volatility of the market price of our common stock, our increased debt levels, a downgrade in our credit ratings, data security, and environmental legislation and other regulations. 2 OUR BUSINESS Our goal is to continue to achieve growth in sales and profitability by capitalizing on our competitive advantages and executing our growth strategy. We remain confident in our ability to continue to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O’Reilly values, including superior customer service and expense control. Our intent is to be the dominant auto parts provider in all the markets we serve, by providing a higher level of customer service and a better value position than our competitors to both DIY and professional service provider customers. Competitive Advantages We believe our effective dual market strategy, superior customer service, technically proficient store personnel, strategic distribution network and experienced management team make up our key competitive advantages, which cannot be easily duplicated. Proven Ability to Execute Our Dual Market Strategy: For more than 35 years, we have established a track record of effectively serving, at a high level, both DIY and professional service provider customers. We believe our proven ability to effectively execute a dual market strategy is a unique competitive advantage. The execution of this strategy enables us to better compete by targeting a larger base of automotive aftermarket parts consumers, capitalizing on our existing retail and distribution infrastructure, operating profitably in both large markets and less densely populated geographic areas that typically attract fewer competitors, and enhancing service levels offered to DIY customers through the offering of a broad inventory and the extensive product knowledge required by professional service provider customers. In 2018 , we derived approximately 57% of our sales from our DIY customers and approximately 43% of our sales from our professional service provider customers. Historically, we have increased our sales to professional service provider customers at a faster pace than the increase in our sales to DIY customers due to the more fragmented nature of the professional service provider business, which offers a greater opportunity for consolidation. We believe we will continue to have a competitive advantage on the professional service provider portion of our business, due to our systems, knowledge and experience serving the professional service provider side of the automotive aftermarket, supported by our approximately 790 full-time sales staff dedicated solely to calling upon and servicing the professional service provider customer. We will also continue to expand and enhance the level of offerings focused on growing our DIY business and will continue to execute our proven dual market strategy in both existing and new markets. Superior Customer Service: We seek to provide our customers with an efficient and pleasant in-store experience by maintaining attractive stores in convenient locations with a wide selection of automotive products. We believe the satisfaction of DIY and professional service provider customers is substantially dependent upon our ability to provide, in a timely fashion, the specific automotive products needed to complete their repairs. Accordingly, each O’Reilly store carries, or has same or next day availability to, a broad selection of automotive products designed to cover a wide range of vehicle applications. We continuously refine the inventory levels and assortments carried in each of our stores and within our network, based in large part on the sales movement tracked by our inventory control system, market vehicle registration data, failure rates and management’s assessment of the changes and trends in the marketplace. We have no material backorders for the products we sell. We seek to attract new DIY and professional service provider customers and retain existing customers by offering superior customer service, the key elements of which are identified below: • superior in-store service through highly-motivated, technically-proficient store personnel (“Professional Parts People”); • an extensive selection and availability of products; • many enhanced service programs, including battery and electrical testing, battery, wiper and bulb replacement and check engine light code extractions; • attractive stores in convenient locations; • competitive pricing, supported by a good, better, best product assortment designed to meet all of our customers’ quality and value preferences; and • a robust point-of-sale system integrated with our proprietary electronic catalog, which contains a wide variety of product images, schematics and technical specifications and equips our Team Members with highly effective tools to source products in our extensive supply network. 3 Technically Proficient Professional Parts People: Our highly-motivated, technically-proficient Professional Parts People provide us with a significant competitive advantage, particularly over less specialized retail operators. We require our Professional Parts People to undergo extensive and ongoing training and to be knowledgeable, particularly with respect to hard part repairs, in order to better serve the technically-oriented professional service provider customers with whom they interact on a daily basis. Such technical proficiency also enhances the customer service we provide to our DIY customers who value the expert assistance provided by our Professional Parts People. Strategic Regional Tiered Distribution Network: We believe our commitment to a robust, regional, tiered distribution network provides superior replenishment and access to hard-to-find parts and enables us to optimize product availability and inventory levels throughout our store network. Our strategic, regional, tiered distribution network includes DCs and Hub stores. Our inventory management and distribution systems electronically link each of our stores to one or more DCs, which provides for efficient inventory control and management. We currently operate 27 regional DCs, which provide our stores with same-day or overnight access to an average of 156,000 stock keeping units (“SKUs”), many of which are hard-to-find items not typically stocked by other auto parts retailers. To augment our robust distribution network, we operate a total of 342 Hub stores that also provide delivery service and same-day access to an average of 66,000 SKUs from a Super Hub or 42,000 SKUs from a Hub to other stores within the surrounding area. We believe this timely access to a broad range of products is a key competitive advantage in satisfying customer demand and generating repeat business. Experienced Management Team: Our Company philosophy is to “promote from within” and the vast majority of our senior management, district managers and store managers have been promoted from within the Company. We augment this promote from within philosophy by pursuing strategic hires with a strong emphasis on automotive aftermarket experience. We have a strong management team comprised of 194 senior managers who average 20 years of service; 254 corporate managers who average 16 years of service; and 518 district managers who average 13 years of service. Our management team has demonstrated the consistent ability to successfully execute our business plan and growth strategy by generating 26 consecutive years of record revenues and earnings and positive comparable store sales results since becoming a public company in April of 1993. Growth Strategy Aggressively Open New Stores: We intend to continue to consolidate the fragmented automotive aftermarket. During 2018 , we opened 200 net, new stores, and in 2019, we plan to open approximately 200 to 210 net, new stores, which will increase our penetration in existing markets and allow for expansion into new, contiguous markets. The sites for these new stores have been identified, and to date, we have not experienced significant difficulties in locating suitable sites for construction of new stores or identifying suitable acquisition targets for conversion to O’Reilly stores. In addition, after the close of business on December 31, 2018, we acquired the 33 Bennett Auto Supply, Inc. stores that were not included in our 2018 store count and were not operated by the Company in 2018. We typically open new stores by (i) constructing a new facility or renovating an existing one on property we purchase or lease and stocking the new store with fixtures and inventory; (ii) acquiring an independently owned auto parts store, typically by the purchase of substantially all of the inventory and other assets (other than realty) of such store; or (iii) purchasing multi-store chains. New store sites are strategically located in clusters within geographic areas that complement our distribution network in order to achieve economies of scale in management, advertising and distribution. Other key factors we consider in the site selection process include population density and growth patterns, demographic lifestyle segmentation, age and per capita income, vehicle traffic counts, vehicles in operation, number and type of existing automotive repair facilities and competing auto parts stores within a predetermined radius. We target both small and large markets for expansion of our store network. While we have, and continue to face, aggressive competition in the more densely populated markets, we believe we have competed effectively, and are well positioned to continue to compete effectively, in such markets and to achieve our goal of continued profitable sales growth within these markets. We also believe that with our dual market strategy, we are better able to operate stores in less densely populated areas, which would not otherwise support a national chain store selling primarily to the retail automotive aftermarket. Therefore, we continue to pursue opening new stores in less densely populated market areas as part of our growth strategy. 4 Grow Sales in Existing Stores: Profitable comparable store sales growth is also an important part of our growth strategy. To achieve improved sales and profitability at existing O’Reilly stores, we continually strive to improve the service provided to our customers. We believe that while competitive pricing is an essential component of successful growth in the automotive aftermarket business, it is customer satisfaction, whether of the DIY consumer or professional service provider, resulting from superior customer service, that generates increased sales and profitability. Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions: The automotive aftermarket industry is still highly fragmented, and we believe the ability of national auto parts chains, like O’Reilly, to operate more efficiently and effectively than smaller independent operators, will result in continued industry consolidation. Our intention is to continue to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions that will strengthen our position as a leading automotive aftermarket parts supplier in existing markets and provide a springboard for expansion into new markets. Continually Enhance Store Design and Location: Our current prototype store design features optimized square footage, high ceilings, convenient interior store layouts, in-store signage, bright lighting, convenient ingress, egress and parking, and dedicated counters to serve professional service provider customers, each designed to increase sales and operating efficiencies to enhance overall customer service. We continually update the location and condition of our store network through systematic renovation and relocation of our existing stores to enhance store performance. During 2018 , we relocated 18 stores and performed minor to major updates or renovations to approximately 1,000 additional stores. We believe that our ability to consistently achieve growth in comparable store sales is due in part to our commitment to maintaining an attractive store network, which is strategically located to best serve our customers. Enhance and Improve Customer Omnichannel Experience: Regardless of how our customers begin their interaction, whether in-store, over the telephone or digitally, and complete their transaction, whether in-store or delivery to their home or business, our goal is to provide excellent customer service and a seamless experience. Our user-friendly websites, www.OReillyAuto.com and www.FirstCallOnline.com , allow our customers to search product and repair content, check the in-store availability of our products, and place orders for either delivery or in-store pickup. We continue to improve the functionality of our websites to provide our customers with a user-friendly and convenient shopping experience, as well as a robust product and repair content information resource, which will continue to enhance the O’Reilly Brand. Team Members As of January 31, 2019 , we employed 79,174 Team Members ( 49,476 full-time Team Members and 29,698 part-time Team Members), of whom 67,369 were employed at our stores, 8,372 were employed at our DCs and 3,433 were employed at our corporate and regional offices. A union represents 48 stores ( 506 Team Members) in the Greater Bay Area in California and has for many years. In addition, approximately 62 Team Members who drive over-the-road trucks in two of our DCs are represented by labor unions. Except for these Team Members, our Team Members are not represented by labor unions. Our tradition for 62 years has been to treat all of our Team Members with honesty and respect and to commit significant resources to instill in them our “Live Green” culture, which emphasizes the importance of each Team Member’s contribution to the success of O’Reilly. This focus on professionalism and respect has created an industry-leading team, and we consider our relations with our Team Members to be excellent. Store Network New Store Site Selection: In selecting sites for new stores, we seek to strategically locate store sites in clusters within geographic areas in order to achieve economies of scale in management, advertising and distribution. Other key factors we consider in the site selection process are • population density; • demographics, including age, ethnicity, life style and per capita income; • market economic strength, retail draw and growth patterns; • number, age and percent of makes and models of registered vehicles; • the number, type and sales potential of existing automotive repair facilities; • the number of auto parts stores and other competitors within a predetermined radius; • physical location, traffic count, size, economics and presentation of the site; • financial review of adjacent existing locations; and • the type and size of store that should be developed. 5 When entering new, more densely populated markets, we generally seek to initially open several stores within a short span of time in order to maximize the effect of initial promotional programs and achieve economies of scale. After opening this initial cluster of new stores, we begin penetrating the less densely populated surrounding areas. As these store clusters mature, we evaluate the need to open additional locations in the more densely populated markets where we believe opportunities exist to expand our market share or to improve the level of service provided in high volume areas. This strategy enables us to achieve additional distribution and advertising efficiencies in each market. Store Locations and Size: As a result of our dual market strategy, we are able to profitably operate in both large, densely populated markets and small, less densely populated areas that would not otherwise support a national chain selling primarily to the retail automotive aftermarket. Our stores, on average, carry approximately 23,000 SKUs and average approximately 7,400 total square feet in size. At December 31, 2018 , we had a total of approximately 38 million square feet in our 5,219 stores. Our stores are served primarily by the nearest DC, which averages 156,000 SKUs, but also have same-day access to the broad selection of inventory available at one of our 342 Hub stores, which are comprised of 84 Super Hubs that average approximately 15,600 square feet and carry an average of 66,000 SKUs and 258 Hubs that average approximately 10,000 square feet and carry an average of 42,000 SKUs. We believe that our stores are “destination stores’’ generating their own traffic rather than relying on traffic created by the presence of other stores in the immediate vicinity. Consequently, most of our stores are freestanding buildings or prominent end caps situated on or near major traffic thoroughfares and offer ample parking, easy customer access and are generally located in close proximity to our professional service provider customers. 6 The following table sets forth the geographic distribution and activity of our stores as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 : December 31, 2017 2018 Net, New Stores December 31, 2018 State Store Count % of Total Store Count Store Change % of Total Store Change Store Count % of Total Store Count Cumulative % of Total Store Count Texas 690 13.7 % 16 8.0 % 706 13.5 % 13.5 % California 541 10.8 % 12 6.0 % 553 10.6 % 24.1 % Georgia 196 3.9 % 9 4.5 % 205 3.9 % 28.0 % Illinois 193 3.8 % 10 5.0 % 203 3.9 % 31.9 % Missouri 200 4.0 % 1 0.5 % 201 3.9 % 35.8 % Florida 180 3.6 % 20 10.0 % 200 3.8 % 39.6 % Ohio 180 3.6 % 16 8.0 % 196 3.8 % 43.4 % Tennessee 167 3.3 % 9 4.5 % 176 3.4 % 46.8 % North Carolina 162 3.2 % 11 5.5 % 173 3.3 % 50.1 % Michigan 162 3.2 % 6 3.0 % 168 3.2 % 53.3 % Washington 156 3.1 % — 0.0 % 156 3.0 % 56.3 % Alabama 132 2.6 % 7 3.5 % 139 2.7 % 59.0 % Arizona 137 2.7 % 2 1.0 % 139 2.7 % 61.7 % Indiana 126 2.5 % 11 5.5 % 137 2.6 % 64.3 % Minnesota 122 2.4 % 3 1.5 % 125 2.4 % 66.7 % Louisiana 116 2.3 % 5 2.5 % 121 2.3 % 69.0 % Oklahoma 121 2.4 % — 0.0 % 121 2.3 % 71.3 % Wisconsin 120 2.4 % 1 0.5 % 121 2.3 % 73.6 % Arkansas 110 2.2 % 2 1.0 % 112 2.1 % 75.7 % South Carolina 104 2.1 % 4 2.0 % 108 2.1 % 77.8 % Colorado 101 2.0 % 1 0.5 % 102 2.0 % 79.8 % Kentucky 88 1.8 % 7 3.5 % 95 1.7 % 81.5 % Kansas 84 1.7 % 1 0.5 % 85 1.6 % 83.1 % Mississippi 75 1.5 % 3 1.5 % 78 1.5 % 84.6 % Virginia 74 1.5 % 4 2.0 % 78 1.5 % 86.1 % Iowa 74 1.5 % 3 1.5 % 77 1.5 % 87.6 % Oregon 69 1.4 % 1 0.5 % 70 1.3 % 88.9 % Utah 61 1.2 % 3 1.5 % 64 1.2 % 90.1 % New Mexico 53 1.1 % 3 1.5 % 56 1.1 % 91.2 % Nevada 55 1.1 % 1 0.5 % 56 1.1 % 92.3 % Nebraska 43 1.0 % 2 1.0 % 45 0.9 % 93.2 % Idaho 42 0.9 % 2 1.0 % 44 0.8 % 94.0 % Massachusetts 32 0.6 % 7 3.5 % 39 0.7 % 94.7 % Maine 35 0.7 % — 0.0 % 35 0.7 % 95.4 % New Hampshire 35 0.7 % (3 ) (1.5 )% 32 0.6 % 96.0 % Montana 27 0.5 % 1 0.5 % 28 0.5 % 96.5 % Pennsylvania 17 0.3 % 7 3.5 % 24 0.5 % 97.0 % Vermont 24 0.5 % — 0.0 % 24 0.5 % 97.5 % Wyoming 21 0.4 % — 0.0 % 21 0.4 % 97.9 % Connecticut 12 0.2 % 8 4.0 % 20 0.4 % 98.3 % South Dakota 17 0.3 % 1 0.5 % 18 0.3 % 98.6 % Alaska 15 0.3 % — 0.0 % 15 0.3 % 98.9 % North Dakota 15 0.3 % — 0.0 % 15 0.3 % 99.2 % West Virginia 15 0.3 % — 0.0 % 15 0.3 % 99.5 % Hawaii 12 0.2 % — 0.0 % 12 0.2 % 99.7 % Rhode Island 5 0.1 % 3 1.5 % 8 0.2 % 99.9 % New York 3 0.1 % — 0.0 % 3 0.1 % 100.0 % Total 5,019 100.0 % 200 100.0 % 5,219 100.0 % 7 Store Layout: We utilize a computer-assisted store layout system to provide a uniform and consistent front room retail merchandise presentation and customize our hard-parts inventory assortment to meet the specific needs of each particular market area. Front room merchandise is arranged to provide easy customer access, maximum selling space and to prominently display high-turnover products and accessories to customers. To ensure the best customer experience possible, we have selectively implemented bilingual, in-store signage based on the demographics in each store’s geographic area. Aisle displays and end caps are used to feature high-demand, seasonal merchandise, new items and advertised specials. Store Automation: To enhance store-level operations and provide consistently high levels of customer service, we operate exclusive store automation systems that deliver quick point-of-sale transaction processing times, reduce our customers’ checkout time, ensure accuracy and provide our Professional Parts People with immediate access to our proprietary electronic parts catalog, part images, technical schematics and pricing information based on each individual customer’s specific vehicle make, model and year. These systems track in-store inventory availability and, through connectivity with our DC and corporate systems, allow real-time access to inventory available in nearby stores and DCs throughout our network. Our systems also capture detailed sales information, which assists management in strategic planning, inventory control and distribution efficiency, and provide a mechanism to deliver ongoing Team Member training through our integrated digital learning platform. Management Structure Each of our stores is staffed with a store manager and one or more assistant managers, in addition to parts specialists, retail and/or installer service specialists and other positions required to meet the specific needs of each store. Each of our 518 district managers has general supervisory responsibility for an average of 10 stores, which provides our stores with a strong operational support. Store and district managers complete a comprehensive training program to ensure each has a thorough understanding of customer service, leadership, inventory management and store profitability, as well as all other sales and operational aspects of our business model. Store and district managers are also required to complete a structured training program that is specific to their position, including attending a week-long manager development program at the corporate headquarters in Springfield, Missouri. Store and district managers also receive continuous training through online training, field workshops, regional meetings and our annual leadership conference. We provide financial incentives to all store Team Members through incentive compensation programs. Under our incentive compensation programs, base salary is augmented by incentive compensation based on individual and store sales and profitability. In addition, each of our district managers participates in our stock option and bonus programs, and store managers participate in bonus programs based on their store’s performance. We believe our incentive compensation programs significantly increase the motivation and overall performance of our store Team Members and enhance our ability to attract and retain qualified management and other personnel. Professional Parts People We believe our highly trained team of Professional Parts People is essential in providing superior customer service to both DIY and professional service provider customers. A significant portion of our business is from professional service provider customers; therefore, our Professional Parts People are required to be highly technically proficient in automotive products. In addition, we have found that the typical DIY customer often seeks assistance from Professional Parts People, particularly when purchasing hard parts. The ability of our Professional Parts People to provide such assistance to the DIY customer creates a favorable impression and is a significant factor in generating repeat DIY business. We screen prospective Team Members to identify highly motivated individuals who either have experience with automotive parts or repairs, or automotive aptitude. New store Team Members go through a comprehensive orientation focused on the culture of our Company, as well as the requirements for their specific position. Additionally, during their first year of employment, our parts specialists go through extensive automotive systems and product knowledge training to ensure they are able to provide high levels of service to our customers. Once all of the required training has been satisfied, our parts specialists become eligible to take the O’Reilly Certified Parts Professional test. Passing the O’Reilly test helps prepare them to become certified by the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence (“ASE”). All of our stores have the ability to service professional service provider customers. For this reason, select Team Members in each store complete extensive sales call training with a regional field sales manager. These Team Members then spend at least one day 8 per week calling on existing and potential professional service provider customers. Additionally, each Team Member engaged in such sales activities participates in quarterly advanced training programs for sales and business development. Distribution Systems We believe that our tiered distribution model provides industry-leading parts availability and store in-stock positions, while lowering our inventory carrying costs by controlling the depth of our inventory. Moreover, we believe our ongoing, significant capital investments made in our DC network allow us to efficiently service new stores that are planned to open in contiguous market areas as well as servicing our existing store network. Our distribution expansion strategy complements our new store opening strategy by supporting newly established clusters of stores, and additional penetration into existing markets, in the regions surrounding each DC. As of December 31, 2018, we had a total growth capacity of more than 615 stores in our distribution center network, which will increase by approximately 275 stores with the completion of our Twinsburg, Ohio, DC in 2019. Further enhancing our distribution capabilities in 2020, we plan to relocate and merge our existing Nashville, Tennessee, and Knoxville, Tennessee, DCs into a larger facility located in Lebanon, Tennessee, providing a larger, more efficient facility to serve both markets, while also allowing us to convert the existing Knoxville, Tennessee, DC into a large Hub that will continue to provide same day parts availability in the attractive Knoxville market. Distribution Centers: As of December 31, 2018 , we operated 27 DCs comprised of approximately 10.8 million operating square feet (see the “Properties” table in Item 2 of this annual report on Form 10-K for a detailed listing of DC operating square footages). Our DCs stock an average of 156,000 SKUs and most DCs are linked to and have the ability to access multiple other regional DCs’ inventory. Our DCs provide five-night-a-week delivery, primarily via a Company-owned fleet, to all of our stores in the continental United States. In addition, stores within an individual DC’s metropolitan area receive multiple daily deliveries from the DC’s “city counter,” many of which receive this service seven days per week. Our DCs provide weekend service to not only the stores they service via their city counters but also to strategic Hub locations, which redistribute products to surrounding stores. Our national Hub store network provides additional service throughout the week, and on weekends, to surrounding stores. With our planned DC expansion during 2019, we expect to end the year in 2019 operating 28 DCs comprised of approximately 11.2 million operating square feet. As part of our continuing efforts to enhance our distribution network in 2019 , we plan to • continue to enhance our distribution network through the engineering, design, expansion or relocation of new or current DCs; • continue to utilize routing software to continue to enhance logistics efficiencies; • continue to implement labor management software to improve DC productivity and overall operating efficiency; • continue to define and implement best practices in all DCs; and • make proven, return-on-investment based capital enhancements to material handling equipment in DCs, including conveyor systems, picking modules, lift equipment and computer hardware. Hub stores: We currently operate a total of 342 strategically located Hub stores. In addition to serving DIY and professional service provider customers in their markets, Hub stores also provide delivery service to our other stores within the surrounding area and access to an expanded selection of SKUs on a same-day basis. Our Hub store network consists of 84 Super Hubs that average approximately 15,600 square feet and carry an average of 66,000 SKUs and 258 Hubs that average approximately 10,000 square feet and carry an average of 42,000 SKUs. Products and Purchasing Our stores offer DIY and professional service provider customers a wide selection of products for domestic and imported automobiles, vans and trucks. Our merchandise generally consists of nationally recognized, well-advertised, premium name brand products, such as AC Delco, Armor All, Bosch, Castrol, Dorman, Fel-Pro, Gates Rubber, Monroe, Moog, Pennzoil, Prestone, Quaker State, Standard, STP, Turtle Wax, Valvoline, Wagner, and Wix, and a wide selection of quality proprietary private label products, which span the entire good, better and best value spectrum, under our BestTest®, BrakeBest®, Import Direct®, MasterPro®, MicroGard®, Murray®, Omnispark®, O’Reilly Auto Parts®, Precision®, Power Torque®, Super Start®, and Ultima® brands. Our proprietary private label products are produced by nationally recognized manufacturers, meet or exceed original equipment manufacturer specifications and consist of house brands and nationally recognized proprietary bands, which we have acquired or developed over time. Our “good” proprietary brands provide a great combination of quality and value, a characteristic important to our DIY customers, while our “better” and “best” proprietary brands offer options for our more heavy-duty DIY customers, as well as our professional service provider customers, who often prefer higher quality products that can be relied upon to support and grow their businesses. 9 We have no long-term contracts with material purchase commitments with any of our suppliers, nor have we experienced difficulty in obtaining satisfactory alternative supply sources for automotive parts. We believe that alternative supply sources exist at competitive costs for substantially all of the automotive products that we sell. It is our policy to take advantage of payment and seasonal purchasing discounts offered by our suppliers and to utilize extended dating terms available from suppliers. We have entered into various programs and arrangements with certain suppliers that provided for extended dating and payment terms for inventory purchases. As a whole, we consider our relationships with our suppliers to be very good. We purchase automotive products in substantial quantities from over 815 suppliers, the five largest of which accounted for approximately 24% of our total purchases in 2018 . Our largest supplier in 2018 accounted for approximately 8% of our total purchases and the next four largest suppliers each accounted for approximately 3% to 5% of our total purchases. Marketing Marketing to the DIY Customer: We use an integrated marketing program, which includes radio, in-store, digital and social media promotions, as well as sports and event sponsorships and direct mail and newspaper promotional distributions, to aggressively attract DIY customers. The marketing strategy we employ is highly effective and has led to a measurable increase in awareness of the O’Reilly Brand across our geographic footprint. We utilize a combination of brand, product and price messaging to drive retail traffic and purchases, which frequently coincide with key sales events. We also utilize a problem-resolution communication strategy, which encourages vehicle owners to perform regular maintenance on their vehicles, protecting their long-term automotive investment and establishing O’Reilly as their partner for auto parts needs. To stimulate sales among racing enthusiasts, who we believe individually spend more on automotive products than the general public, we sponsored multiple nationally-televised races and over 700 grassroots, local and regional motorsports events throughout 45 states during 2018 . We were the title sponsor of two National Association for Stock Car Racing (NASCAR) National series events, in 2018. During the fall and winter months, we strategically sponsor National Collegiate Athletic Association (“NCAA”) basketball. Our relationships with over 25 NCAA teams and tournaments have resulted in prominently displayed O’Reilly logos on TV-visible signs throughout the season. We target Spanish-speaking auto parts customers through marketing efforts that include the use of Spanish language radio, print, and outdoor advertising, as well as sponsorships of local and regional festivals and events. We invest in digital channels to expand the O’Reilly brand presence online and through mobile devices, as this continues to be an important point of contact with our customers. Search engine optimization and paid search strategies are used to drive traffic to our website, and popular social media platforms are used to provide excellent customer service through interaction and dialogue with our customers. To show appreciation for our DIY customers for their continued business, we maintain our O’Reilly O’Rewards customer loyalty program. The program provides members with the opportunity to earn points through purchases and other special events and allows members to redeem those points for coupons, which provide discounts on future merchandise purchases in our stores. The programs allow us to reward our customers for their continued business, as well as enhance engagement with our customers to earn more of their business with targeted promotions tailored to their specific needs and purchasing patterns. Marketing to the Professional Service Provider Customer: We have approximately 790 full-time O’Reilly sales representatives strategically located across our market areas as part of our First Call program. Each sales representative is dedicated solely to calling upon, selling to and servicing our professional service provider customers. Targeted marketing materials such as flyers, quick reference guides and catalogs are produced and distributed on a regular basis to professional service providers, paint and body shops and fleet customers. Our industry-leading First Call program enables our sales representatives, district managers, and store managers to provide excellent customer service to each of our professional service provider customers by providing the products and services identified below: • broad selection of merchandise at competitive prices; • dedicated Professional Service Specialists in our stores; • multiple, daily deliveries from our stores; • same-day or overnight access to thousands of SKUs through seven days a week store inventory replenishments; • separate service counter and phone line in our stores dedicated exclusively to service professional service provider customers; 10 • trade credit for qualified accounts; • First Call Online, a dedicated proprietary Internet based catalog and ordering system designed specifically to connect professional service provider customers directly to our inventory system; • Mitchell 1 shop management systems; • training and seminars covering topics of interest, such as technical updates, safety and general business management; • access to a comprehensive inventory of products and equipment needed to operate and maintain their shop; and • Certified Auto Repair Center Program, a program that provides professional service provider customers with business tools they can utilize to profitably grow and market their shops. Marketing to the Independently Owned Parts Store: We also sell automotive products directly to independently owned parts stores (“jobber stores”) in certain market areas. These jobber stores are generally located in areas not directly serviced by an O’Reilly store. We administer a proprietary, dedicated and distinct marketing program specifically targeted to jobber stores called Parts City Auto Parts that currently provides automotive products to approximately 180 jobber stores, with total annual sales of approximately $62 million . As a participant in this program, a jobber store, which meets certain financial and operational standards, is permitted to indicate its Parts City Auto Parts membership through the display of a trademarked logo owned by us. In return for a commitment to purchase automotive products from us, we provide computer software for business management, competitive pricing, advertising, marketing and sales assistance to Parts City Auto Parts affiliate stores. Pricing We believe that competitive pricing is essential to successfully operate in the automotive aftermarket business. Product pricing is generally established to compete with the pricing of competitors in the market area served by each store. Most products that we sell are priced based upon a combination of internal gross margin targets and competitive reviews, with additional savings offered on some items through special promotional pricing and volume discounts. Consistent with our low price guarantee, each of our stores will match any verifiable price on any in-stock, locally available product of the same or comparable quality offered by our competitors. Customer Payments and Returns Policy Our stores accept cash, checks, debit and credit cards. We also grant credit to many professional service provider customers who meet our pre-established credit requirements. Some of the factors considered in our pre-established credit requirements include customer creditworthiness, past transaction history with the customer and current economic and industry trends. No customer accounted for greater than one percent of our consolidated net sales, nor do we have any dependence on any single customer. We accept product returns for new products, core products and warranty/defective products. INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT The automotive aftermarket industry includes all products and services purchased for light and heavy-duty vehicles after the original sale. The total size of the automotive aftermarket is estimated to be approximately $296 billion , according to The Auto Care Association. This market is made up of four segments: labor share of professional service provider sales, auto parts share of professional service provider sales, DIY sales and tire sales. O’Reilly’s addressable market within this industry is approximately $93 billion , which includes the auto parts share of professional service provider sales at wholesale and DIY sales at retail. We do not sell tires or perform for-fee automotive repairs or installations. Competition The sale of automotive aftermarket items is highly competitive in many areas, including customer service, product availability, store location, brand recognition and price. We compete in both the DIY and professional service provider portions of the automotive aftermarket and are one of the largest specialty retailers within that market. We compete primarily with • national retail and wholesale automotive parts chains (such as AutoZone, Inc., Advance Auto Parts, CARQUEST, NAPA and the Pep Boys - Manny, Moe and Jack, Inc.); • regional retail and wholesale automotive parts chains; • wholesalers or jobber stores (some of which are associated with national automotive parts distributors or associations such as NAPA, CARQUEST, Bumper to Bumper and Auto Value); • automobile dealers; and 11 • mass merchandisers and online retailers that carry automotive replacement parts, maintenance items and accessories (such as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Amazon.com, Inc.). We compete on the basis of customer service, which includes merchandise selection and availability, technical proficiency and helpfulness of store personnel, price, store layout, continually enhancing the omnichannel experience and convenient and accessible store locations. Our dual market strategy requires significant capital, such as the capital expenditures required for our distribution and store networks and working capital needed to maintain inventory levels necessary for providing products to both the DIY and professional service provider portions of the automotive aftermarket. Inflation and Seasonality We have been successful, in many cases, in reducing the effects of merchandise cost increases principally by taking advantage of supplier incentive programs, economies of scale resulting from increased volume of purchases and selective forward buying. To the extent our acquisition costs increase due to price increases industry wide, we have typically been able to pass along these increased costs through higher retail prices for the affected products. As a result, we do not believe our operations have been materially, adversely affected by inflation. To some extent our business is seasonal, primarily as a result of the impact of weather conditions on customer buying patterns. Store sales, profits and inventory levels have historically been higher in the second and third quarters (April through September) than in the first and fourth quarters (October through March) of the year. Regulations We are subject to federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to our business, including, but not limited to, those related to the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous substances, the recycling of batteries and used lubricants, and the ownership and operation of real property. As part of our operations, we handle hazardous materials in the ordinary course of business and our customers may bring hazardous materials onto our property in connection with, for example, our oil and battery recycling programs. We currently provide a recycling program for batteries and the collection of used lubricants at certain stores as a service to our customers pursuant to agreements with third-party suppliers. The batteries and used lubricants are collected by our Team Members, deposited into supplier-provided containers and pallets, and then recycled by the third-party suppliers. In general, our agreements with such suppliers contain provisions that are designed to limit our potential liability under applicable environmental regulations for any damage or contamination, which may be caused by the batteries and lubricants to off-site properties (including as a result of waste disposal) and to our properties, when caused by the supplier. Compliance with any such laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our operations to date. However, we cannot give any assurance that we will not incur significant expenses in the future in order to comply with any such laws or regulations. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The following paragraphs discuss information about our executive officers: Gregory D. Johnson , age 53 , Chief Executive Officer and Co-President, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 36 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Johnson’s O’Reilly career began as a part-time Distribution Center Team Member and progressed through the roles of Retail Systems Manager, Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) Development Manager, Director of Distribution, Vice President of Distribution Operations, Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations, and Executive Vice President of Supply Chain. Mr. Johnson has held the position of Co-President since February of 2017. Mr. Johnson was promoted to Chief Executive Officer and Co-President in May of 2018. Jeff M. Shaw , age 56 , Chief Operating Officer and Co-President, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 30 years. Mr. Shaw’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations, Sales, Distribution Operations, Real Estate, Jobber Sales and Acquisitions. Mr. Shaw’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, Vice President of the Southern Division, Vice President of Sales and Operations, Senior Vice President of Sales and Operations, and Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. Mr. Shaw has held the position of Co-President since February of 2017. Mr. Shaw was promoted to Chief Operating Officer and Co-President in May of 2018. Brad Beckham , age 40 , Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 22 years. Mr. Beckham’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly’s Store Operations. Mr. Beckham’s 12 O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, Divisional Vice President, Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, and Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations. Mr. Beckham has held the position of Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales since January of 2018. Tom McFall , age 48 , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 12 years. Mr. McFall’s primary areas of responsibility are Finance, Accounting, Information Technology, Legal, and Risk Management. Mr. McFall’s career began with Ernst & Young LLP in Detroit, Michigan, where he achieved the position of Audit Manager, before accepting a position with Murray’s Discount Auto Stores (“Murray’s”). Mr. McFall served Murray’s for eight years through the roles of Controller, Vice President of Finance, and Chief Financial Officer, with direct responsibility for finance, accounting, and distribution and logistics operations. After Murray’s was acquired by CSK Auto Corporation (“CSK”) in 2005, Mr. McFall held the position of Chief Financial Officer of Midwest Operation for CSK. In May of 2006, Mr. McFall joined O’Reilly as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McFall has held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2007. Jonathan Andrews , age 51 , Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Training, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for six years. Mr. Andrews’s primary areas of responsibility are Human Resources and Training. Mr. Andrews has over 25 years of human resources experience. Mr. Andrews’s career includes human resource positions with Cargill, Inc. and Tyson Foods, Inc. before accepting a position with AutoNation. Mr. Andrews served AutoNation for 10 years as Director of Human Resources and Senior Director of Human Resources. In 2012, Mr. Andrews joined O’Reilly as Vice President of Human Resources and progressed through the role of Vice President of Human Resources and Training. Mr. Andrews has held the position of Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Training since January of 2019. Doug Bragg , age 49 , Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 28 years. Mr. Bragg’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly Central Store Operations. Mr. Bragg’s O’Reilly career began as a Distribution Center Team Member and progressed through the roles of Assistant Store Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, and Divisional Vice President. Mr. Bragg has held the position of Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations since January of 2018. Robert Dumas , age 45 , Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 27 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Dumas’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly’s Eastern Store Operations. Mr. Dumas’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Installer Service Specialist, Night Manager, Associate Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, and Divisional Vice President. Mr. Dumas has held the position of Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales since 2016. Larry L. Ellis , age 63 , Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 43 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Ellis’s primary areas of responsibility are Distribution Operations and Logistics. Mr. Ellis’s O’Reilly career began as a Distribution Center Team Member and progressed through the roles of Distribution Center Supervisor, Distribution Center Manager, Director of Distribution Operations, Vice President of Logistics, Vice President of Western Division Distribution Operations, and Vice President of Distribution Operations. Mr. Ellis has held the position of Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations since 2014. Jeremy Fletcher , age 41 , Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 13 years. Mr. Fletcher’s primary area of responsibility is Finance. Mr. Fletcher’s O’Reilly career began as the Financial Reporting and Budgeting Manager and progressed through the roles of Director of Finance, and Vice President of Finance and Controller. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Fletcher worked as a Certified Public Accountant with a public accounting firm and in a financial reporting and planning role for a Fortune 1000 corporation. Mr. Fletcher has held the position of Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller since 2017. Jeffrey L. Groves , age 53 , Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 14 years. Mr. Groves’s primary areas of responsibility are Corporate Governance, Regulatory Matters, and Internal Audit. Mr. Groves’s O’Reilly career began as Director of Legal and Claim Services and progressed through the roles of Director of Legal and Claim Services and General Counsel and Vice President of Legal and Claim Services and General Counsel. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Groves worked in a private civil defense trial practice. Mr. Groves has held the position of Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel since 2016. Brent Kirby , age 50 , Senior Vice President of Omnichannel, has been an O’Reilly Team Member since July 2018 . Mr. Kirby’s primary areas of responsibility are Marketing, Advertising and Digital business areas while working cross functionally to deliver our Omnichannel strategy. Mr. Kirby has over 30 years of experience in the retail industry. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Kirby held the position of Chief Supply Chain Officer for Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (“Lowe’s”), with direct responsibility for leading the global supply 13 chain supporting Lowe’s U.S.-based home improvement business. In this role, Mr. Kirby was responsible for team members across a diverse network of distribution centers, manufacturing facilities, direct-to-consumer parcel operations and last mile delivery operations. Mr. Kirby began his retail career as a hardware associate with Lowe’s and progressed through various positions at the store, district and regional levels before being promoted to Senior Vice President of Store Operations and later Chief Omnichannel Officer. In July of 2018, Mr. Kirby joined O’Reilly as Senior Vice President of Omnichannel and has held this position since that time. Scott Kraus , age 42 , Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 20 years. Mr. Kraus’s primary areas of responsibility are Real Estate Expansion and Acquisitions. Mr. Kraus’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Field Sales Manager, Regional Manager, Divisional Vice President, and Vice President of Real Estate. Mr. Kraus has held the position of Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion since 2016. Jeffrey A. Lauro , age 52 , Senior Vice President of Information Technology, has been an O’Reilly Team Member since 2015 . Mr. Lauro’s primary area of responsibility is Information Technology. Mr. Lauro has over 30 years of information technology experience primarily in the retail industry. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Lauro held the position of Chief Information Officer for Payless ShoeSource (“Payless”), with direct responsibility for solution delivery, infrastructure and operations, and enterprise architecture. Prior to joining Payless, Mr. Lauro was the Vice President, Global Information Technology Service Delivery Director for The TJX Companies, Inc., with direct responsibility for global information technology service management, operations, implementation and disaster recovery. In 2015, Mr. Lauro joined O’Reilly as Senior Vice President of Information Technology and has held this position since that time. Jason Tarrant , age 38 , Senior Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 17 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Tarrant’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly Western Store Operations. Mr. Tarrant’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist, and progressed through the roles of Assistant Store Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Field Sales Manager, Regional Manager, and Divisional Vice President. Mr. Tarrant has held the position of Senior Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales since January of 2018. Darin Venosdel , age 48 , Senior Vice President of Inventory Management, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 21 years. Mr. Venosdel’s primary areas of responsibility are Inventory Management, Purchasing, Logistics, and Store Design. Mr. Venosdel’s O’Reilly career began as a Programmer/Analyst and progressed through the roles of Application Development Manager, Director of Application Development, Director of Inventory Management, and Vice President of Inventory Management. Mr. Venosdel has held the position of Senior Vice President of Inventory Management since January of 2018. David Wilbanks , age 47 , Senior Vice President of Merchandise, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for six years. Mr. Wilbanks’s primary areas of responsibility are Merchandise and Pricing. Mr. Wilbanks has over 25 years of experience in the automotive aftermarket industry. Mr. Wilbanks’s career began as a counter technician for an independent jobber and progressed to becoming an ASE Certified Master Technician for an automotive dealership, before accepting a position with AutoZone, Inc. (“AutoZone”). Mr. Wilbanks served AutoZone for twelve years as a financial analyst, Category Manager, and Director of Merchandise. In 2012, Mr. Wilbanks joined O’Reilly as Vice President of Merchandise and has held the position of Senior Vice President of Merchandise since 2016. SERVICE MARKS AND TRADEMARKS We have registered, acquired and/or been assigned the following service marks and trademarks in the United States: BESTEST®; BETTER PARTS. BETTER PRICES.®; BETTER PARTS, BETTER PRICES....EVERYDAY!®; BOND AUTO PARTS®; BRAKEBEST®; CERTIFIED AUTO REPAIR®; CUSTOMIZE YOUR RIDE®; CSK PROSHOP®; DO IT RIGHT DEALS®; DO IT RIGHT REBATE®; FIRST CALL®; FROM OUR STORE TO YOUR DOOR®; IMPORT DIRECT®; MASTER PRO®; MASTER PRO REFINISHING®; MICROGARD®; MURRAY®; MURRAY’S AUTO PARTS®; MURRAY’S MASCOT® (Design only); O®; OMNISPARK®; O’REILLY®; O’REILLY AUTO COLOR PROFESSIONAL PAINT PEOPLE®; O’REILLY AUTO PARTS®; O’REILLY AUTO PARTS PROFESSIONAL PARTS PEOPLE®; O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE®; O’REILLY O’REWARDS®; O’REILLY RACING®; O’REWARDS®; PARTNERSHIP NETWORK®; PARTS CITY®; PARTS CITY AUTO COLOR PROFESSIONAL PAINT PEOPLE®; PARTS CITY AUTO PARTS®; PARTS CITY TOOL BOX®; PARTS FOR YOUR CAR WHEREVER YOU ARE®; PARTS PAYOFF®; POWER TORQUE®; PRECISION®; PRECISION HUB ASSEMBLIES®; PRIORITY PARTS®; QUIETECH®; REAL WORLD TRAINING®; SERIOUS ABOUT YOUR CAR…SO ARE WE!®; SUPER START®; TOOLBOX®; ULTIMA®; and ULTIMA SELECT®. Some of the service marks and trademarks listed above may also have a design associated therewith. Each of the service marks and trademarks are in duration for as long as we continue to use and seek renewal of such marks. The above list includes only the trademarks and service marks that are currently and validly registered 14 with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. It does not include trademarks or service marks which may also be in use, but are not yet registered. We believe that our business is not otherwise dependent upon any patent, trademark, service mark or copyright. Solely for convenience, our service marks and trademarks may appear in this report without the ® or ™ symbol, which is not intended to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right to these service marks and trademarks. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Internet address is www.OReillyAuto.com . Interested readers can access, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, through the Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov and searching with our ticker symbol “ORLY.” Such reports are generally available the day they are filed. Upon request, we will furnish interested readers a paper copy of such reports free of charge by contacting Mark Merz, Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Reporting and Planning, at 233 South Patterson Avenue, Springfield, Missouri, 65802. Item 1A. Risk Factors Unless otherwise indicated, “we,” “us,” “our” and similar terms, as well as references to the “Company,” refer to O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Although the risks described below are the risks that we believe are material, there may also be risks of which we are currently unaware, or that we currently regard as immaterial based upon the information available to us that later may prove to be material. Interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors, elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our forward-looking statements. Deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit and cause our customers and others, with which we do business, to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although demand for many of our products is primarily non-discretionary in nature and tend to be purchased by consumers out of necessity, rather than on an impulse basis, our sales are impacted by constraints on the economic health of our customers. The economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment levels and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. Many of these factors are outside of our control. Our customers’ purchases, including purchases of our products, could decline during periods when income is lower, when prices increase in response to rising costs, or in periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions or political uncertainty. In addition, restrictions on access to telematics, diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulations may force vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. If any of these events occur, or if unfavorable economic conditions challenge the consumer environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. Overall demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket is dependent upon many factors including the total number of vehicle miles driven in the U.S., the total number of registered vehicles in the U.S., the age and quality of these registered vehicles and the level of unemployment in the U.S. Adverse changes in these factors could lead to a decreased level of demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities. Furthermore, the ability of these third parties to overcome these difficulties may increase. If third parties, on whom we rely for merchandise, are unable to overcome difficulties resulting from the deterioration in economic conditions and provide us with the merchandise we need, or if counterparties to our credit facilities do not perform their obligations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Both the do-it-yourself (“DIY”) and professional service provider portions of our business are highly competitive, particularly in the more densely populated areas that we serve. Some of our competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. In addition, some of our competitors are smaller than we are, but have a greater presence than we do in a particular market. Online and mobile platforms may allow customers to quickly compare prices and product assortments between us and a range of competitors, which 15 could result in pricing pressure. Some online competitors may have a lower cost structure than we do, as a result of our strategy of providing an exceptional in-store experience and superior parts availability supported by our extensive store network and robust, regional distribution footprint, which could also create pricing pressure. We may have to expend more resources and risk additional capital to remain competitive, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. For a list of our principal competitors, see the “Competition” section of Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. We are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales. Our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions, and natural disasters. Unusually inclement weather, such as significant rain, snow, sleet, freezing rain, flooding, seismic activity and hurricanes, has historically discouraged our customers from visiting our stores during the affected period and reduced our sales, particularly to DIY customers. Extreme weather conditions, such as extreme heat and extreme cold temperatures, may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts, while temperate weather conditions may have a lesser impact on failure rates of automotive parts. In addition, our stores and distribution centers (“DCs”) located in coastal regions may be subject to increased insurance claims resulting from regional weather conditions and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. We cannot assure future growth will be achieved. We believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning, and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. We cannot be sure that our growth plans for 2019 and beyond will be achieved. Failure to achieve our growth objectives may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. For a discussion of our growth strategies, see the “Growth Strategy” section of Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. In order to be successful, we will need to retain and motivate key employees. Our success has been largely dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel. In order to be successful, we will need to retain and motivate executives and other key employees. Experienced management and technical personnel are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. We must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. Our business, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. We cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to attract qualified personnel, which could cause us to be less efficient and, as a result, may adversely impact our sales and profitability. For a discussion of our management, see the “Business” section of Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. A change in the relationship with any of our key suppliers, the unavailability of our key products at competitive prices or changes in trade policies could affect our financial health. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers’ ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. For example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them. In addition, the trend toward consolidation among automotive parts suppliers, as well as the off-shoring of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries, may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. We could also be negatively impacted by suppliers who might experience work stoppages, labor strikes or other interruptions to, or difficulties in the, manufacture or supply of the products we purchase from them. Changes in U.S. trade policies, practices, tariffs or taxes could affect our ability and our suppliers’ ability to source product at current volumes and/or prices. Risks associated with future acquisitions may not lead to expected growth and could result in increased costs and inefficiencies. We expect to continue to make acquisitions as an element of our growth strategy. Acquisitions involve certain risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations, examples of such risks include the following: • We may not be able to continue to identify suitable acquisition targets or to acquire additional companies at favorable prices or on other favorable terms. • Our management’s attention may be distracted. • We may fail to retain key personnel from acquired businesses. • We may assume unanticipated legal liabilities and other problems. • We may not be able to successfully integrate the operations (accounting and billing functions, for example) of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational and other benefits. • We may fail, or be unable to, discover liabilities of businesses that we acquire for which we or the subsequent owner or operator may be liable. 16 Business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, operability of our computer systems, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business. Weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of them, may result in the closure of one or more of our DCs or other facilities, or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory to our stores on a nightly basis. This may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty. Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the United States, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices. Such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our customers. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or other catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality may reduce our brand value and negatively impact our business. We believe our Company has built an excellent reputation as a leading retailer in the automotive aftermarket industry. We believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. Brand value is based, in large part, on perceptions of subjective qualities and even isolated incidents can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, which can negatively impact these perceptions and lead to adverse effects on our business or Team Members. Risks related to us and unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could affect our stock price. We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful indicators of our future operating results and should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. If our quarterly operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the trading price of our common stock could be negatively affected. We cannot be certain that our growth plans and business strategies will be successful or that they will successfully meet the expectations of these analysts. If we fail to adequately address any of these risks or difficulties, our stock price would likely suffer. The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation. The stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions. The market price of our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts’ expectations and failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such companies. If similar litigation were instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Our increased debt levels could adversely affect our cash flow and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations. We have an unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes, which could have important consequences to our financial health. For example, our level of indebtedness could, among other things, • make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including those relating to the senior unsecured notes and our credit facility; • increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in our industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to service the principal and interest on the debt, reducing the funds available for other business purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures or other cash requirements; • limit our ability to incur additional debt with acceptable terms, if at all; and • expose us to fluctuations in interest rates, including changes that may result from the implementation of new benchmark rates that replace LIBOR. In addition, the terms of our financing obligations include restrictions, such as affirmative, negative and financial covenants, conditions on borrowing and subsidiary guarantees. A failure to comply with these restrictions could result in a default under our financing obligations 17 or could require us to obtain waivers from our lenders for failure to comply with these restrictions. The occurrence of a default that remains uncured or the inability to secure a necessary consent or waiver could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our unsecured senior notes, as well as limit our access to attractive supplier financing programs. Credit ratings are an important component of our cost of capital. These ratings are based upon, among other factors, our financial strength. Our current credit ratings provide us with the ability to borrow funds at favorable rates. A downgrade in our current credit rating from either rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our unsecured revolving credit facility and a higher facility fee on commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility. A downgrade in our current credit rating could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our unsecured senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the unsecured senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue new notes in the future. In addition, a downgrade in our current credit rating could limit the financial institutions willing to commit funds to our supplier financing programs at attractive rates. Decreased participation in our supplier financing programs would lead to an increase in working capital needed to operate the business, adversely affecting our cash flows. A breach of customer, supplier, Team Member or Company information could damage our reputation or result in substantial additional costs or possible litigation. Our business involves the storage of information about our customers, suppliers, Team Members and the Company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. We and our third-party service providers and vendors have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information; however, these security measures may be breached due to cyber-attacks, Team Member error, system compromises, fraud, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, which could result in unauthorized parties gaining access to such information. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. If we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to damage to our reputation, additional costs, lost sales or possible regulatory action. In addition, the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is constantly evolving and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. There is no guarantee that the procedures that we and our third-party service providers and vendors have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, and such a breach could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Litigation, governmental proceedings, environmental legislation and regulations and employment legislation and regulations may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are, and in the future may become, involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings, arising out of the ordinary course of our business. The damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Environmental legislation and regulations, like the initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and bills related to climate change, could adversely impact all industries. While it is uncertain whether these initiatives will become law, additional climate change related mandates could potentially be forthcoming and these matters, if enacted, could adversely impact our costs, by, among other things, increasing fuel prices. Our business is subject to employment legislation and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage operating costs and identify opportunities to reduce costs. Our ability to meet labor needs, while controlling costs is subject to external factors, such as minimum wage legislation. A violation of, or change in, employment legislation and/or regulations could hinder our ability to control costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The enactment of legislation implementing changes in the taxation of business activities, the adoption of other corporate tax reform policies, or changes in tax legislation or policies may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. In December 2017, comprehensive tax legislation, commonly referred to as the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”), was enacted and the changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. As tax laws and related regulations and interpretations change, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially impacted.