Item 1A. Risk Factors 17 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 22 Item 2. Properties 22 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 PART II ​ Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. [Reserved] 25 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 38 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 39 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 70 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 70 Item 9B. Other Information 71 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 71 PART III ​ Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 72 Item 11. Executive Compensation 72 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 73 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 73 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 73 PART IV ​ Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 74 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 77 ​ ​ ​ ​ 3 ​ Forward-Looking Statements ​ We claim the protection of the safe-harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “estimate,” “may,” “could,” “will,” “believe,” “expect,” “would,” “consider,” “should,” “anticipate,” “project,” “plan,” “intend” or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this annual report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the economy in general; inflation; consumer debt levels; product demand; a public health crisis; the market for auto parts; competition; weather; tariffs; availability of key products and supply chain disruptions; business interruptions, including terrorist activities, war and the threat of war; failure to protect our brand and reputation; challenges in international markets; volatility of the market price of our common stock; our increased debt levels; credit ratings on public debt; historical growth rate sustainability; our ability to hire and retain qualified employees; risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses; damage, failure or interruption of information technology systems, including information security and cyber-attacks; and governmental regulations. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the “Risk Factors” section in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, for additional factors that could materially affect our financial performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. ​ ​ 4 ​ PART I ​ Item 1. Business ​ GENERAL INFORMATION ​ Unless otherwise indicated, “we,” “us,” “our” and similar terms, as well as references to the “Company,” refer to O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. O’Reilly is one of the largest specialty retailers of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment and accessories in the United States (“U.S.”), selling our products to both do-it-yourself (“DIY”) and professional service provider customers, our “dual market strategy.” The business was founded in 1957 by Charles F. O’Reilly and his son, Charles H. “Chub’’ O’Reilly, Sr., and initially operated from a single store in Springfield, Missouri. Our common stock has traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ORLY” since April 22, 1993. ​ At December 31, 2022, we operated 5,929 stores in 47 states in the United States and 42 stores in Mexico. Our stores carry an extensive product line, including ● new and remanufactured automotive hard parts and maintenance items, such as alternators, batteries, brake system components, belts, chassis parts, driveline parts, engine parts, fuel pumps, hoses, starters, temperature control, water pumps, antifreeze, appearance products, engine additives, filters, fluids, lighting, oil and wiper blades; and ● accessories, such as floor mats, seat covers and truck accessories. ​ Our stores offer many enhanced services and programs to our customers, such as ● battery diagnostic testing; ● battery, wiper and bulb replacement; ● check engine light code extraction, where allowed by law; ● custom hydraulic hoses; ● drum and rotor resurfacing; ● electrical and module testing; ● loaner tool program; ● professional paint shop mixing and related materials; and ● used oil, oil filter and battery recycling. ​ See the “Risk Factors” section of this annual report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks relevant to our business. These risk factors include, among others, risks related to deteriorating economic conditions, competition in the automotive aftermarket business, our sensitivity to regional economic and weather conditions, our relationships with key suppliers and availability of key products, business interruptions, failure to protect our brand and reputation, risks associated with international operations, unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results, the volatility of the market price of our common stock, our increased debt levels, a downgrade in our credit ratings, future growth assurance, our dependence upon key personnel, our acquisition strategies, information and systems security, damage and failure, and litigation, environmental legislation and other regulations. ​ OUR BUSINESS ​ Our goal is to continue to achieve growth in sales and profitability by capitalizing on our competitive advantages and executing our growth strategy. We remain confident in our ability to continue to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O’Reilly values, including hard work, superior customer service and expense control. Our mission is to be the dominant auto parts provider in all the markets we serve by providing a higher level of customer service and a better value position than our competitors to both DIY and professional service provider customers. ​ Competitive Advantages ​ We believe our effective dual market strategy, superior customer service, technically proficient store personnel, strategic distribution network and experienced management Team make up our key competitive advantages, which cannot be easily duplicated. ​ 5 ​ Proven Ability to Execute Our Dual Market Strategy: For more than 40 years, we have established a track record of effectively serving, at a high level, both DIY and professional service provider customers. We believe our proven ability to effectively execute a dual market strategy is a unique competitive advantage. The execution of this strategy enables us to better compete by targeting a larger base of automotive aftermarket parts consumers, capitalizing on our existing store and distribution infrastructure, operating profitably in both large markets and less densely populated geographic areas that typically attract fewer competitors and enhancing service levels offered to DIY customers through the offering of a broad inventory and the extensive product knowledge required by professional service provider customers. ​ In 2022, we derived approximately 56% of our sales from our DIY customers and approximately 44% of our sales from our professional service provider customers. Historically, we have increased our sales to professional service provider customers at a faster pace than the increase in our sales to DIY customers due to the more fragmented nature of the professional service provider business, which offers a greater opportunity for consolidation. We believe we will continue to have a competitive advantage on the professional service provider portion of our business, due to our systems, knowledge, industry-leading parts availability and experience serving the professional service provider side of the automotive aftermarket, augmented by our approximately 725 full-time sales staff dedicated solely to calling upon and servicing the professional service provider customer. We will also continue to expand and enhance the level of offerings focused on growing our DIY business and will continue to execute our proven dual market strategy in both existing and new markets. ​ Superior Customer Service: We seek to provide our customers with an efficient and pleasant in-store experience by maintaining attractive stores in convenient locations with a wide selection of automotive products. We believe the satisfaction of DIY and professional service provider customers is substantially dependent upon our ability to provide, in a timely fashion, the correct automotive products needed to complete their repairs. Accordingly, each O’Reilly store carries, or has same or next day availability to, a broad selection of automotive products designed to cover a wide range of vehicle applications. We continuously refine the inventory levels and assortments carried in each of our stores and within our network, based in large part on the sales movement tracked by our inventory control system, market vehicle registration data, failure rates and management’s assessment of the changes and trends in the marketplace. We have no material backorders for the products we sell. ​ We seek to attract new DIY and professional service provider customers and retain existing customers by offering superior customer service, the key elements of which are identified below: ● superior in-store service through highly-motivated, technically-proficient store personnel (“Professional Parts People”); ● an extensive selection and superior availability of products; ● many enhanced service programs, including battery and electrical testing, battery, wiper and bulb replacement and check engine light code extractions; ● attractive stores in convenient locations; ● competitive pricing, supported by a good, better, best product assortment designed to meet all of our customers’ quality and value preferences; ● a robust point-of-sale system integrated with our proprietary electronic catalog, which contains a wide variety of product images, schematics and technical specifications and equips our Team Members with highly effective tools to source products in our extensive supply network; ● online ordering for our professional customers through our proprietary professional customer platform, www.FirstCallOnline.com , with local delivery available; and ● online ordering, featuring “chat with a parts professional,” parts look up assistance for our DIY customers through our retail platform, www.OReillyAuto.com , with convenient store locations for pick up in store orders or home delivery. ​ Technically Proficient Professional Parts People: Our highly-motivated, technically-proficient Professional Parts People provide us with a significant competitive advantage, particularly over less specialized retail operators. We require our Professional Parts People to undergo extensive and ongoing training and to be knowledgeable, particularly with respect to hard part repairs, in order to better serve the technically-oriented professional service provider customers with whom they interact on a daily basis. Such technical proficiency also enhances the customer service we provide to our DIY customers who value the expert assistance provided by our Professional Parts People. See our “Team Members and Human Capital Management” disclosure of the “Business” section of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information about our technically proficient professional parts people. ​ 6 ​ Strategic Regional Tiered Distribution Network: We believe our commitment to a robust, regional, tiered distribution network provides superior replenishment and access to hard-to-find parts and enables us to optimize product availability and inventory levels throughout our store network. Our strategic, regional, tiered distribution network includes distribution centers (“DCs”) and Hub stores. Our inventory management and distribution systems electronically link each of our stores to one or more DCs, which provides for efficient inventory control and management. We currently operate 28 regional DCs, which provide our stores with same-day or overnight access to an average of 154,000 stock keeping units (“SKUs”), many of which are hard-to-find items not typically stocked by other auto parts retailers. To augment our robust distribution network, we operate a total of 383 Hub stores that also provide delivery service and same-day access to stores within the surrounding areas to an average of 49,000 SKUs, with Hubs in select markets carrying further enhanced inventory levels up to approximately 94,000 SKUs. More than 95% of our stores receive multiple same-day deliveries and deliveries on weekends of hard to find parts from our DCs and Hub stores. We believe this timely access to a broad range of products is a key competitive advantage in satisfying customer demand and generating repeat business. ​ Experienced Management Team: Our Company philosophy is to “promote from within,” and the vast majority of our senior managers, district managers and store managers have been promoted from within the Company. We augment this promote from within philosophy by pursuing strategic hires with a strong emphasis on automotive aftermarket experience, technical proficiency or subject matter expertise. We have a strong management Team that has demonstrated the consistent ability to successfully execute our business plan and growth strategy by generating 30 consecutive years of record revenues and earnings and positive comparable store sales results since becoming a public company in April of 1993. See our “Team Members and Human Capital Management” disclosure of the “Business” section of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information about our experienced management Team. ​ Growth Strategy ​ Aggressively Open New Stores: We intend to continue to consolidate the fragmented automotive aftermarket. During 2022, we opened 170 net, new domestic stores and 17 new stores in Mexico. In 2023, we plan to open 180 to 190 net, new stores, which will increase our penetration in existing markets and allow for expansion into new, contiguous markets. The sites for these new stores have been identified, and to date, we have not experienced significant difficulties in locating suitable sites for construction of new stores or identifying suitable acquisition targets for conversion to O’Reilly stores. We typically open new stores by (i) constructing a new facility or renovating an existing one on property we purchase or lease and stocking the new store with fixtures and inventory; (ii) acquiring an independently owned auto parts store (“jobber store”), typically by the purchase of substantially all of the inventory and other assets (other than realty) of such store; or (iii) purchasing multi-store chains. ​ New store sites are strategically located in clusters within geographic areas that complement our distribution network in order to achieve economies of scale in management, advertising and distribution. Other key factors we consider in the site selection process include population density and growth patterns, demographic lifestyle segmentation, age and per capita income, vehicle traffic counts, vehicles in operation, number and type of existing automotive repair facilities and competing auto parts stores within a predetermined radius. ​ We target both small and large markets for expansion of our store network. While we have, and continue to face, aggressive competition in the more densely populated markets, we believe we have competed effectively, and are well positioned to continue to compete effectively, in such markets and to achieve our goal of continued profitable sales growth within these markets. We also believe that with our dual market strategy, we are better able to operate stores in less densely populated areas, which would not otherwise support a national chain store selling primarily to the retail automotive aftermarket. Therefore, we continue to pursue opening new stores in less densely populated market areas as part of our growth strategy. ​ Grow Sales in Existing Stores: Profitable comparable store sales growth is also an important part of our growth strategy. To achieve improved sales and profitability at existing O’Reilly stores, we continually strive to improve the service provided to our customers. We believe that while competitive pricing is an essential component of successful growth in the automotive aftermarket business, it is customer satisfaction, whether of the DIY consumer or professional service provider, resulting from superior customer service, that generates sustainable increased sales and profitability. ​ 7 ​ Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions: The automotive aftermarket industry is still highly fragmented, and we believe the ability of national auto parts chains, like O’Reilly, to operate more efficiently and effectively than smaller independent operators will result in continued industry consolidation. Our intention is to continue to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions that will strengthen our position as a leading automotive aftermarket parts supplier in existing markets and provide a springboard for expansion into new domestic and international markets. ​ Continually Enhance Store Design and Location: Our current prototype store design features optimized square footage, high ceilings, convenient interior store layouts, in-store signage, multilingual signage, bright lighting, convenient ingress and egress, ample parking and dedicated counters to serve professional service provider customers, each designed to increase sales and operating efficiencies to enhance overall customer service. We continually update the location and condition of our store network through systematic renovation and relocation of our existing stores to enhance store performance. During 2022, while experiencing macroeconomic constraints to construction timing and the supply of material and equipment, we relocated 11 stores and performed minor to major updates or renovations to approximately 1,300 additional stores. We believe that our ability to consistently achieve growth in comparable store sales is due in part to our commitment to maintaining an attractive store network, which is strategically located to best attract and serve our customers. ​ Omnichannel Growth Strategy: Our Omnichannel growth strategies reflect the continued evolution of customer preferences in researching and completing purchases. More than ever before, our customers’ purchase decisions are informed by a range of interactions, whether in-person, over the phone, or through a variety of digital channels, as they seek to find the professional parts knowledge and the product availability they need to meet their automotive repair and maintenance needs. Our Omnichannel growth strategies are focused on offering our customers an enhanced and seamless research and buying experience through any of these channels. We have long been known for excellent customer service and continue to grow the functionality and user-friendliness of our digital platforms, including www.OReillyAuto.com and www.FirstCallOnline.com , to enhance our customers’ shopping experience. Many of our customers interact over multiple channels to research and complete a purchase, and the functionality and features of our digital sites complement the outstanding customer service provided in our brick and mortar locations. ​ Team Members and Human Capital Management ​ Our tradition for 66 years has been to treat all of our Team Members with honesty and respect and to commit significant resources to instill in them our “Live Green” culture, which emphasizes the importance of each Team Member’s contribution to the success of O’Reilly. This focus on professionalism and respect has created an industry-leading Team, and we consider our relations with our Team Members to be excellent. ​ We are committed to providing a work environment that allows Team Members to feel highly valued and to be productive and effective in their jobs by maintaining an inclusive environment and healthy work/life balance, which we believe increases employee engagement. Our ongoing emphasis on diversity and inclusion, including our policies, recruitment and selection procedures, onboarding processes and training efforts, positively builds upon our successful “promote from within” philosophy and growth strategies. ​ Talent Acquisition, Retention and Training: Our Company knows the value of a tenured Team, which is why our philosophy is to “promote from within” first. As management opportunities arise, we look first within the Company and promote those who have performed well, have the right expertise and have shown leadership potential before looking outside the Company; however, we augment this philosophy by pursuing strategic hires with a strong emphasis on automotive aftermarket experience, customer service excellence, subject matter expertise, and strong culture fit. This comprehensive approach increases Team Member commitment and has resulted in a very experienced leadership Team. As of December 31, 2022, our strong management Team was comprised of 226 senior managers who average 20 years of service, 293 corporate managers who average 16 years of service and 591 district managers who average 14 years of service. ​ Each of our stores is staffed with a store manager and one or more assistant managers, in addition to parts specialists, retail and/or installer service specialists and other positions required to meet the specific needs of each store. Each of our 591 district managers has general supervisory responsibility for an average of 10 stores, which provides our stores with strong operational support. ​ We offer a variety of specific training programs that address a broad spectrum of topics from store and distribution center operations to customer service. We believe our highly trained Team of Professional Parts People is essential in providing superior customer service to both DIY and professional service provider customers. A significant portion of our business is from professional service provider customers; therefore, our Professional Parts People are required to be highly technically proficient in automotive products. In addition, we have found that the typical DIY customer often seeks assistance from Professional Parts People, particularly when purchasing hard 8 ​ parts. The ability of our Professional Parts People to provide such assistance to the DIY customer creates a favorable impression and is a significant factor in generating repeat DIY business. ​ We screen prospective Team Members to identify highly motivated individuals who either have experience with automotive parts and repairs or automotive aptitude. New store Team Members go through a comprehensive orientation focused on the culture of our Company, as well as the requirements for their specific position. Additionally, during their first year of employment, our parts specialists go through extensive automotive systems and product knowledge training to ensure they are able to provide high levels of service to our customers. Once all of the required training has been satisfied, our parts specialists become eligible to take the O’Reilly Certified Parts Professional test. Passing the O’Reilly test helps prepare them to become certified by the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence (“ASE”). ​ All of our stores have the ability to service professional service provider customers. For this reason, select Team Members in each store complete extensive sales call training with a regional field sales manager. These Team Members then spend at least one day per week calling on existing and potential professional service provider customers. Each Team Member engaged in such sales activities participates in quarterly advanced training programs for sales and business development. ​ Additionally, store and district managers complete a comprehensive training program to ensure each has a thorough understanding of customer service, leadership, inventory management and store profitability, as well as all other sales and operational aspects of our business model. Store and district managers are also required to complete a structured training program that is specific to their position, including attending a week-long manager development program at the corporate headquarters in Springfield, Missouri. Store and district managers also receive continuous training through online training programs, field workshops, regional meetings and our annual leadership conference. ​ Diversity and Inclusion: At O’Reilly, valuing diversity and inclusion is about creating an environment in which our Team Members feel included, respected and have opportunities to do their best work and achieve their greatest potential. We believe diversity within the workplace is crucial in running our business and building the best Team of Professional Parts People to serve our customers. We are committed to recruiting and building a diverse team through inclusive talent acquisition, ongoing leadership development and actively identifying emerging talent. We have worked to expand opportunities for all of our Team Members through programs designed to prepare them to take on more responsibilities at every level of the organization. We firmly believe that promoting from within is a differentiator in maximizing our diversity across the entire company. In order to ensure our diversity and inclusion efforts are successful, we survey our Team Members, provide enhanced, collaborative learning through diversity and inclusion training and resources, and build network groups, action plans and programs aimed at improving our work environments for our Team Members and customers. ​ Compensation, Benefits and Recognition: Our compensation philosophy has always been to incentivize Team Members to “run it like you own it,” and we continually evaluate and benchmark our comprehensive compensation programs to ensure they remain competitive, providing an important tool to attract and retain the best and most qualified Team Members in every market. We provide financial incentives to all store Team Members through various incentive compensation programs. Store team members have the opportunity to earn incentive pay that increases their base hourly wage consistent with their individual performance or the performance of their store. Store managers, district managers, region directors and division vice presidents have the ability to earn additional compensation above their salary or base hourly wage based upon the performance of their stores. In addition, beginning with the district manager level, we augment our competitive programs with share-based compensation. We believe our incentive compensation programs significantly increase the motivation and overall performance of our Team Members. ​ Just as pay, benefits, and growth opportunities are critically important to our Team Members’ success, we believe it is equally important to recognize Team Members for a job well done. We regularly present many awards that range from recognizing individual service longevity to performance, allowing peer-to-peer recognition or management nomination of an individual’s excellent performance. ​ Team Composition: We recognize that each and every one of our Team Members plays a very important role in our ability to provide outstanding customer service and achieve consistent, successful performance. As of January 31, 2023, we employed 87,745 Team Members (71,612 full-time Team Members and 16,133 part-time Team Members), of whom 71,582 were employed at our stores, 11,789 were employed at our DCs and 4,374 were employed at our corporate and regional offices. Ours is an increasingly technical business creating the need for knowledgeable Professional Parts People, and our ongoing focus on developing a technically proficient Team has resulted in the growth of the mix of our full-time work force, increasing from 65% at January 31, 2020 to 82% at January 31, 2023. While full-time Professional Parts People play a vital role in our ongoing success, the flexibility of incorporating part-time employment into our work force is also 9 ​ an important component of providing excellent customer service. Many of our part-time Team Members choose to work at O’Reilly while attending school, or during other transitional periods in their lives, or simply because of their passion for cars and knowledge of auto parts. Part-time Team Members have the opportunity to become career Professional Parts People because of our promote from within philosophy, and many of our leaders today began their careers as part-time Team Members in our stores or distribution centers. ​ A union represents 435 Team Members in 47 stores in the Greater Bay Area in California and has for many years. There are 52 Team Members that drive over-the-road trucks in two of our domestic DCs that are also represented by a labor union. Additionally, two unions represent approximately 1,076 Team Members in Mexico. We consider our current relationship with these unions and union Team Members to be excellent. With the exception of the previously described Team Members, our Team Members are not represented by labor unions. ​ Additional information about our Team Member population and human capital management practices can be found in our most recent Sustainability, Social, and Governance report, which is available on our website at www.OReillyAuto.com . Our Sustainability, Social, and Governance report is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. ​ Store Network ​ New Store Site Selection: In selecting sites for new stores, we seek to strategically locate store sites in clusters within geographic areas in order to achieve economies of scale in management, advertising and distribution. Other key factors we consider in the site selection process are ● population density; ● demographics, including age, life style and per capita income; ● market economic strength, retail draw and growth patterns; ● number, age and percent of makes and models of registered vehicles; ● the number, type and sales potential of existing automotive repair facilities; ● the number of auto parts stores and other competitors within a predetermined radius; ● physical location, traffic count, size, economics and presentation of the site; ● financial review of adjacent existing locations; and ● the type and size of store that should be developed. ​ When entering new, more densely populated markets, we generally seek to initially open several stores within a short span of time in order to maximize the effect of initial promotional programs and achieve economies of scale. After opening this initial cluster of new stores, we begin penetrating the less densely populated surrounding areas. As these store clusters mature, we evaluate the need to open additional locations in the more densely populated markets where we believe opportunities exist to expand our market share or to improve the level of service provided in high volume areas. This strategy enables us to achieve additional distribution and advertising efficiencies in each market. ​ Store Locations and Size: As a result of our dual market strategy, we are able to profitably operate in both large, densely populated markets and small, less densely populated areas that would not otherwise support a national chain selling primarily to the retail automotive aftermarket. Our U.S. stores, on average, carry approximately 22,000 SKUs and average approximately 7,500 total square feet in size. At December 31, 2022, we had a total of approximately 45 million square feet in our 5,929 domestic stores. Our domestic stores are served primarily by the nearest DC, which averages 154,000 SKUs, but also have same-day access to the broad selection of inventory available at one of our 383 Hub stores that average 12,700 square feet in size and carry an average of 49,000 SKUs, with Hubs in select markets carrying further enhanced inventory levels up to an approximately 94,000 SKUs. ​ We believe that our stores are “destination stores” generating their own traffic rather than relying on traffic created by the presence of other stores in the immediate vicinity. Consequently, most of our stores are freestanding buildings or prominent end caps situated on or near major traffic thoroughfares and offer ample parking, easy customer access and are generally located in close proximity to our professional service provider customers. ​ 10 ​ The following table sets forth the geographic distribution and opening activity of our stores as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2021 ​ 2022 Net, New Stores ​ December 31, 2022 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % of Total ​ ​ ​ Cumulative ​ ​ Store ​ % of Total ​ Store ​ Store ​ Store ​ % of Total ​ % of Total State ​ Count ​ Store Count ​ Growth ​ Growth ​ Count ​ Store Count ​ Store Count Texas ​ 775 ​ 13.5 % ​ 23 13.5 % ​ 798 ​ 13.5 % ​ 13.5 % California ​ 570 ​ 9.9 % ​ 9 5.3 % ​ 579 ​ 9.8 % ​ 23.3 % Florida ​ 259 ​ 4.5 % ​ 16 9.4 % ​ 275 ​ 4.6 % ​ 27.9 % Georgia ​ 231 ​ 4.0 % ​ 2 1.2 % ​ 233 ​ 3.9 % ​ 31.8 % Illinois ​ 220 ​ 3.8 % ​ 7 4.1 % ​ 227 ​ 3.8 % ​ 35.6 % Ohio ​ 217 ​ 3.8 % ​ 7 4.1 % ​ 224 ​ 3.8 % ​ 39.4 % North Carolina ​ 211 ​ 3.7 % ​ 5 2.8 % ​ 216 ​ 3.6 % ​ 43.0 % Missouri ​ 206 ​ 3.6 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 207 ​ 3.5 % ​ 46.5 % Tennessee ​ 191 ​ 3.3 % ​ 8 4.7 % ​ 199 ​ 3.4 % ​ 49.9 % Michigan ​ 186 ​ 3.2 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 187 ​ 3.2 % ​ 53.1 % Indiana ​ 160 ​ 2.7 % ​ 8 4.7 % ​ 168 ​ 2.8 % ​ 55.9 % Washington ​ 161 ​ 2.7 % ​ 4 2.4 % ​ 165 ​ 2.8 % ​ 58.7 % Alabama ​ 156 ​ 2.6 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 157 ​ 2.6 % ​ 61.3 % Arizona ​ 145 ​ 2.5 % ​ 3 1.8 % ​ 148 ​ 2.5 % ​ 63.8 % Louisiana ​ 136 ​ 2.4 % ​ 7 4.1 % ​ 143 ​ 2.3 % ​ 66.1 % Wisconsin ​ 129 ​ 2.2 % ​ 3 1.8 % ​ 132 ​ 2.2 % ​ 68.3 % Minnesota ​ 128 ​ 2.2 % ​ 3 1.8 % ​ 131 ​ 2.2 % ​ 70.5 % Oklahoma ​ 125 ​ 2.2 % ​ — — % ​ 125 ​ 2.1 % ​ 72.6 % South Carolina ​ 119 ​ 2.1 % ​ 6 3.4 % ​ 125 ​ 2.1 % ​ 74.7 % Arkansas ​ 119 ​ 2.1 % ​ 3 1.8 % ​ 122 ​ 2.1 % ​ 76.8 % Colorado ​ 111 ​ 1.9 % ​ 8 4.7 % ​ 119 ​ 2.0 % ​ 78.8 % Kentucky ​ 108 ​ 1.9 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 109 ​ 1.8 % ​ 80.6 % Virginia ​ 94 ​ 1.6 % ​ 5 2.8 % ​ 99 ​ 1.7 % ​ 82.3 % Kansas ​ 86 ​ 1.5 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 87 ​ 1.5 % ​ 83.8 % Mississippi ​ 84 ​ 1.5 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 85 ​ 1.4 % ​ 85.2 % Iowa ​ 81 ​ 1.4 % ​ 2 1.2 % ​ 83 ​ 1.4 % ​ 86.6 % Oregon ​ 72 ​ 1.3 % ​ 2 1.2 % ​ 74 ​ 1.2 % ​ 87.8 % Utah ​ 67 ​ 1.2 % ​ 4 2.4 % ​ 71 ​ 1.2 % ​ 89.0 % New Mexico ​ 62 ​ 1.1 % ​ 3 1.8 % ​ 65 ​ 1.1 % ​ 90.1 % Nevada ​ 59 ​ 1.0 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 60 ​ 1.0 % ​ 91.1 % Massachusetts ​ 56 ​ 1.0 % ​ 2 1.2 % ​ 58 ​ 1.0 % ​ 92.1 % Idaho ​ 48 ​ 0.8 % ​ 4 2.4 % ​ 52 ​ 0.9 % ​ 93.0 % Nebraska ​ 51 ​ 0.9 % ​ — — % ​ 51 ​ 0.9 % ​ 93.9 % Pennsylvania ​ 39 ​ 0.7 % ​ 5 2.8 % ​ 44 ​ 0.7 % ​ 94.6 % Maine ​ 34 ​ 0.6 % ​ 3 1.8 % ​ 37 ​ 0.6 % ​ 95.2 % New Hampshire ​ 35 ​ 0.6 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 36 ​ 0.6 % ​ 95.8 % Connecticut ​ 27 ​ 0.5 % ​ 3 1.8 % ​ 30 ​ 0.5 % ​ 96.3 % Montana ​ 28 ​ 0.5 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 29 ​ 0.5 % ​ 96.8 % New York ​ 24 ​ 0.4 % ​ 2 1.2 % ​ 26 ​ 0.4 % ​ 97.2 % Vermont ​ 24 ​ 0.4 % ​ — — % ​ 24 ​ 0.4 % ​ 97.6 % Wyoming ​ 23 ​ 0.4 % ​ — — % ​ 23 ​ 0.4 % ​ 98.0 % West Virginia ​ 22 ​ 0.4 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 23 ​ 0.4 % ​ 98.4 % South Dakota ​ 20 ​ 0.3 % ​ 1 0.6 % ​ 21 ​ 0.4 % ​ 98.8 % Alaska ​ 16 ​ 0.3 % ​ — — % ​ 16 ​ 0.3 % ​ 99.1 % North Dakota ​ 16 ​ 0.3 % ​ — — % ​ 16 ​ 0.3 % ​ 99.4 % Rhode Island ​ 15 ​ 0.3 % ​ — — % ​ 15 ​ 0.3 % ​ 99.7 % Hawaii ​ 13 ​ 0.2 % ​ 2 1.2 % ​ 15 ​ 0.3 % ​ 100.0 % Total U.S. stores ​ 5,759 ​ 100.0 % ​ 170 ​ 100.0 % ​ 5,929 ​ 100.0 % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mexico ​ 25 ​ ​ ​ ​ 17 ​ ​ ​ ​ 42 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total stores 5,784 ​ ​ ​ 187 ​ ​ ​ 5,971 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 11 ​ Distribution Systems ​ We believe that our tiered distribution model provides industry-leading parts availability and store in-stock positions, while optimizing our inventory investment by controlling the depth of our store stocked inventory. Our distribution expansion strategy, supported by our ongoing, significant capital investments, complements our new store opening strategy by supporting newly established clusters of stores, and additional penetration into existing markets, in the regions surrounding each DC. As of December 31, 2022, we had a total growth capacity of 150 to 300 U.S. stores in our distribution network. Further enhancing our distribution capabilities in 2023, we plan to open our first DC in Puerto Rico and a large DC in Guadalajara, Mexico. ​ Distribution Centers: As of December 31, 2022, we operated 28 domestic DCs comprised of approximately 12.1 million operating square feet (see the “Properties” table in Item 2 of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information about DC operating square footages). Our DCs stock an average of 154,000 SKUs and most DCs are linked to and have access to multiple other regional DCs’ inventory. Our DCs provide five-night-a-week delivery, primarily via a Company-owned fleet, to substantially all of our stores in the continental United States. In addition, stores within an individual DC’s metropolitan area receive multiple daily deliveries from the DC’s “city counter,” many of which receive this service seven days per week. Our DCs provide service to not only the stores they service via their city counters but also to strategic Hub locations, which redistribute products to surrounding stores. Our national Hub store network provides additional service throughout the week, and on weekends, to surrounding stores. ​ As part of our continuing efforts to enhance our distribution network in 2023, we plan to ● continue to enhance our distribution network through the engineering, design, expansion or relocation of new or current DCs; ● continue to utilize routing software to enhance logistics efficiencies; ● continue to implement labor management software to improve DC productivity and overall operating efficiency; ● continue to define and implement best practices in all DCs; ● make proven, return-on-investment based capital enhancements to material handling equipment in DCs, including conveyor systems, picking modules, lift equipment and computer hardware; and ● continue to augment our robust distribution network, when and where appropriate, through the use of strategically located Hubs. ​ Hub Stores: We currently operate a total of 383 strategically located Hub stores. In addition to serving DIY and professional service provider customers in their markets, Hub stores also provide delivery service to our other stores within the surrounding area and access to an expanded selection of SKUs on a same-day basis. Our Hub store network consists of 383 Hubs that average approximately 12,700 square feet and carry an average of 49,000 SKUs, with Hubs in select markets carrying further enhanced inventory levels up to approximately 94,000 SKUs. ​ Products and Purchasing ​ Our stores offer DIY and professional service provider customers a wide selection of products for domestic and imported automobiles, vans and trucks. Our merchandise generally consists of nationally recognized, well-advertised, premium name brand products, such as AC Delco, Armor All, Bosch, Castrol, Dorman, Fel-Pro, Gates Rubber, Lucas Oil, Mobil1, Monroe, Moog, Pennzoil, Prestone, Standard, STP, Turtle Wax, Valvoline, Wagner, and Wix, and a wide selection of quality proprietary private label products, which span the entire good, better and best value spectrum, under our BesTest®, BrakeBest®, Cartek®, Import Direct®, MasterPro®, MicroGard®, Murray®, Omnispark®, O’Reilly Auto Parts®, Precision®, Power Torque®, Super Start®, Syntec®, and Ultima® brands. Our proprietary private label products are produced by respected automotive manufacturers, meet or exceed original equipment manufacturer specifications and consist of house brands and nationally recognized proprietary bands, which we have acquired or developed over time. Our “good” proprietary brands provide a great combination of quality and value, a characteristic important to our DIY customers, while our “better” and “best” proprietary brands offer options for our more heavy-duty DIY customers, as well as our professional service provider customers, who often prefer higher quality products that can be relied upon to support and grow their businesses. ​ We have no long-term contracts with material purchase commitments with any of our suppliers, nor have we experienced difficulty in obtaining satisfactory alternative supply sources for automotive parts. We believe that alternative supply sources exist at competitive costs for substantially all of the automotive products that we sell. It is our policy to take advantage of payment and seasonal purchasing discounts offered by our suppliers and to utilize extended dating terms available from suppliers. We have entered into various programs 12 ​ and arrangements with certain suppliers that provided for extended dating and payment terms for inventory purchases. As a whole, we consider our relationships with our suppliers to be very good. ​ We purchase automotive products in substantial quantities from over 815 suppliers, the five largest of which accounted for approximately 24% of our total purchases in 2022. Our largest supplier in 2022 accounted for approximately 7% of our total purchases and the next four largest suppliers each accounted for approximately 3% to 6% of our total purchases. ​ Marketing ​ Retail and Online Marketing: Our integrated marketing strategy and Omnichannel efforts include national media channels, in-store, digital and social media activation, as well as marketing the O’Reilly brand through automotive event sponsorships and on-site appearances throughout the country. Our O’Rewards loyalty program encourages repeat customers, as they accumulate points from their O’Reilly purchases that are redeemable for rewards at various purchase levels. Our marketing efforts also target the Spanish-speaking market through broadcast media, print and sports marketing, as well as sponsorships of local and regional events. ​ Professional Marketing: To develop our continued relationships with professional service providers and installers, we employ Territory Sales Managers in nearly every market to ensure complete sales territory coverage and personalized service for professional customers. Flyers, quick reference guides and catalogs are distributed on a regular basis to all professional service providers, including paint and body shops and fleet maintenance customers to encourage brand and program awareness. In addition, our professional customer program, First Call, also offers a proprietary ordering and other services platform called www.FirstCallOnline.com , dedicated Professional Service Specialists in stores, multiple daily deliveries and access to training opportunities, shop management, maintenance supplies and the Certified Auto Repair program, which offers professional service providers with the business tools they need to profitably grow and market their business. ​ INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT ​ The automotive aftermarket industry includes all products and services purchased for light and heavy-duty vehicles after the original sale. The total size of the automotive aftermarket is estimated to be approximately $357 billion, according to the Auto Care Association. This market is made up of four segments: labor share of professional service provider sales, auto parts share of professional service provider sales, DIY sales and tire sales. We estimate that O’Reilly’s addressable market within this industry is approximately $130 billion to $140 billion, which includes the auto parts share of professional service provider sales at wholesale and DIY sales at retail. We do not sell tires or perform for-fee automotive repairs or installations. ​ Competition ​ The sale of automotive aftermarket items is highly competitive in many areas, including customer service, product availability, store location, brand recognition and price. We compete in both the DIY and professional service provider portions of the automotive aftermarket and are one of the largest specialty retailers within that market. We compete primarily with ● national retail and wholesale automotive parts chains (such as AutoZone, Inc., Advance Auto Parts, CARQUEST and NAPA); ● regional retail and wholesale automotive parts chains; ● wholesalers or jobber stores (some of which are associated with national automotive parts distributors or associations such as NAPA, CARQUEST, Bumper to Bumper and Auto Value); ● automobile dealers; and ● mass merchandisers and online retailers that carry automotive replacement parts, maintenance items and accessories (such as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Amazon.com, Inc.). ​ We compete on the basis of customer service, which includes merchandise selection and availability, technical proficiency and helpfulness of store personnel, price, store layout, the Omnichannel experience and convenient and accessible store locations. Our dual market strategy requires significant capital, including the capital expenditures required for our distribution and store networks and working capital needed to maintain inventory levels necessary for providing products to both the DIY and professional service provider portions of the automotive aftermarket. ​ 13 ​ Inflation and Seasonality ​ We have generally been successful in reducing the effects of merchandise cost increases principally by taking advantage of supplier incentive programs, economies of scale resulting from increased volume of purchases and selective forward buying. To the extent our acquisition costs increased due to price increases industry wide, we have typically been able to pass along these increased costs through higher retail prices for the affected products. As a result, we do not believe inflation has had a material adverse effect on our operations. ​ To some extent our business is seasonal, primarily as a result of the impact of weather conditions on customer buying patterns. While we have historically realized operating profits in each quarter of the year, our store sales, profits and inventory levels have historically been higher in the second and third quarters (April through September) than in the first and fourth quarters (October through March) of the year. ​ Regulations ​ We are subject to federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to our business, as well as the health and safety of our Team Members and customers, including, but not limited to, those related to the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous substances, the recycling of batteries and used lubricants and the ownership and operation of real property. ​ As part of our operations, we handle hazardous materials in the ordinary course of business and our customers may bring hazardous materials onto our property in connection with, for example, our used oil, oil filter and battery recycling programs. We currently provide a recycling program for batteries and the collection of used lubricants at certain stores as a service to our customers pursuant to agreements with third-party suppliers. The batteries and used lubricants are collected by our Team Members, deposited into supplier-provided containers and pallets and then recycled by the third-party suppliers. In general, our agreements with such suppliers contain provisions that are designed to limit our potential liability under applicable environmental regulations for any damage or contamination, which may be caused by the batteries and lubricants to off-site properties (including as a result of waste disposal) and to our properties, when caused by the supplier. ​ Compliance with any such laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our operations to date. However, we cannot give any assurance that we will not incur significant expenses in the future in order to comply with any such laws or regulations. ​ INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ​ Gregory D. Johnson , age 57, Chief Executive Officer, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 40 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Johnson’s O’Reilly career began as a part-time Distribution Center Team Member and progressed through the roles of Retail Systems Manager, Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) Development Manager, Director of Distribution, Vice President of Distribution Operations, Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations, Executive Vice President of Supply Chain, Chief Executive Officer and Co-President, and President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Johnson held the position of Co-President from 2017 until February of 2022 and President from February 2022 until January 2023. Mr. Johnson has held the position of Chief Executive Officer since 2018. ​ Brad Beckham , age 44, Co-President, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 26 years. Mr. Beckham’s primary areas of responsibility are all domestic and international Store Operations and Sales, Real Estate and Expansion, Human Resources, Legal, Risk Management, Training and Finance. Mr. Beckham’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, Divisional Vice President, Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations, Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales, and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Beckham has held the position of Co-President since January of 2023. ​ Brent G. Kirby , age 54, Co-President, has been an O’Reilly Team Member since 2018. Mr. Kirby’s primary areas of responsibility are Merchandise, Distribution, Logistics, Inventory Management, Pricing, Store Design, Marketing, Advertising/Marketing, Electronic Catalog, Customer Satisfaction, Omnichannel and Information Technology. Mr. Kirby began his retail career of over 35 years with Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (“Lowe’s”) as a hardware associate and progressed through various positions at the store, district and, regional levels before being promoted to Senior Vice President of Store Operations and later Chief Omnichannel Officer. In 2018, Mr. Kirby O’Reilly career began as Senior Vice President of Omnichannel and progressed through the roles of Executive Vice President of Supply Chain and Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer. Mr. Kirby has held the position of Co-President since January of 2023. ​ 14 ​ Doug Bragg , age 53, Executive Vice President of Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 32 years. Mr. Bragg’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly U.S. Store Operations. Mr. Bragg’s O’Reilly career began as a Distribution Center Team Member and progressed through the roles of Assistant Store Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, Divisional Vice President, and Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales. Mr. Bragg has held the position of Executive Vice President of Store Operations since January of 2022. ​ Jeremy Fletcher , age 45, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 17 years. Mr. Fletcher’s primary areas of responsibility are Finance, Accounting, Credit and Collections, Financial Planning, Tax, Treasury, and Investor Relations. Mr. Fletcher’s O’Reilly career began as the Financial Reporting and Budgeting Manager and progressed through the roles of Director of Finance, Vice President of Finance and Controller, and Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Fletcher worked as a Certified Public Accountant in public practice and in a financial reporting and planning role for a Fortune 1000 corporation. Mr. Fletcher has held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since May of 2022. ​ Tom McFall , age 52, Executive Vice President, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 16 years. Mr. McFall’s primary areas of responsibility are Legal, Real Estate and Risk Management. Mr. McFall’s career began with Ernst & Young LLP in Detroit, Michigan, where he achieved the position of Audit Manager, before accepting a position with Murray’s Discount Auto Stores (“Murray’s”). Mr. McFall served Murray’s for eight years through the roles of Controller, Vice President of Finance, and Chief Financial Officer, with direct responsibility for finance, accounting and distribution and logistics operations. After Murray’s was acquired by CSK Auto Corporation (“CSK”) in 2005, Mr. McFall held the position of Chief Financial Officer of Midwest Operation for CSK. In 2006, Mr. McFall joined O’Reilly as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McFall held the position of Chief Financial Officer from 2006 until May of 2022. Mr. McFall has held the position Executive Vice President since 2007 and has been responsible for various areas during his tenure, including Finance, Information Technology, Real Estate and Expansion, Legal, Risk Management and Human Resources. ​ Jonathan Andrews , age 55, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Training, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 10 years. Mr. Andrews’s primary areas of responsibility are Human Resources and Training. Mr. Andrews has over 30 years of human resources experience. Mr. Andrews’s career includes human resource positions with Cargill, Inc., Tyson Foods, Inc. and AutoNation, Inc. Mr. Andrews served AutoNation for 10 years as Director of Human Resources and Senior Director of Human Resources. In 2012, Mr. Andrews joined O’Reilly as Vice President of Human Resources and progressed through the role of Vice President of Human Resources and Training. Mr. Andrews has held the position of Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Training since 2019. ​ Robert Dumas , age 49, Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 30 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Dumas’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly’s Eastern Store Operations. Mr. Dumas’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Installer Service Specialist, Night Manager, Associate Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, and Divisional Vice President. Mr. Dumas has held the position of Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales since 2016. ​ Larry L. Ellis , age 67, Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 47 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Ellis’s primary areas of responsibility are Distribution Operations and Logistics. Mr. Ellis’s O’Reilly career began as a Distribution Center Team Member and progressed through the roles of Distribution Center Supervisor, Distribution Center Manager, Director of Distribution Operations, Vice President of Logistics, Vice President of Western Division Distribution Operations, and Vice President of Distribution Operations. Mr. Ellis has held the position of Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations since 2014. ​ Jeffrey L. Groves , age 57, Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 18 years. Mr. Groves’s primary areas of responsibility are Corporate Governance, Regulatory Matters, and Internal Audit. Mr. Groves’s O’Reilly career began as Director of Legal and Claim Services and progressed through the roles of Director of Legal and Claim Services and General Counsel and Vice President of Legal and Claim Services and General Counsel. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Groves worked in a private civil defense trial practice. Mr. Groves has held the position of Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel since 2016. ​ Philip M. Hopper , age 41, Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 11 years. Mr. Hopper’s primary areas of responsibility are Real Estate Expansion and Acquisitions. Mr. Hopper’s O’Reilly career began as Real Estate Counsel and progressed through the roles of Director of Property Management, Vice President of Real Estate Expansion and Property Management, and Vice President of Real Estate Development. Mr. Hopper has held the position of Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion since November of 2022. 15 ​ ​ Jeffrey A. Lauro , age 56, Senior Vice President of Information Technology, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for seven years. Mr. Lauro’s primary area of responsibility is Information Technology. Mr. Lauro has 35 years of information technology experience primarily in the retail industry. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Lauro held the position of Chief Information Officer for Payless ShoeSource (“Payless”), with direct responsibility for solution delivery, infrastructure and operations and enterprise architecture. Prior to joining Payless, Mr. Lauro was the Vice President, Global Information Technology Service Delivery Director for The TJX Companies, Inc., with direct responsibility for global information technology service management, operations, implementation and disaster recovery. In 2015, Mr. Lauro joined O’Reilly as Senior Vice President of Information Technology and has held this position since that time. ​ Chris Mancini , age 45, Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 19 years. Mr. Mancini’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly Central Store Operations. Mr. Mancini’s O’Reilly career began as an Installer Service Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Director, Mid-Atlantic Division Vice President, and Western Division Vice President. Mr. Mancini has held the position of Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales since January of 2022. ​ Mark J. Merz , age 51, Senior Vice President of Finance, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 15 years. Mr. Merz’s primary areas of responsibility are Finance, Accounting, Credit and Collections, Financial Planning, Tax, Treasury, and Investor Relations. Mr. Merz’s O’Reilly career began as a Senior Accountant and progressed through the roles of External Reporting and Investor Relations Manager, Director of External Reporting and Investor Relations, and Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Reporting and Planning. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Merz worked for nine years as a Controller for a privately held company. Mr. Merz has held the position of Senior Vice President of Finance since May of 2022. ​ Chuck Rogers , age 55, Senior Vice President of Professional Sales and Store Operations Support, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 32 years. Mr. Rogers’s primary areas of responsibility are Professional Sales, Store Operations and Retail Systems, and Jobber Sales. Mr. Rogers’s O’Reilly career began as a Delivery Specialist and progressed through the roles of various store positions, Assistant Computer Sales and Services Coordinator, Installer Systems Manager, National Accounts/Installer Systems Manager, Director of Sales Administration, and Vice President of Professional Sales. Mr. Rogers has held the position of Senior Vice President of Professional Sales and Store Operations Support since January of 2022. ​ Jason Tarrant , age 42, Senior Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 21 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Tarrant’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly Western Store Operations. Mr. Tarrant’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Assistant Store Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Field Sales Manager, Regional Manager, and Divisional Vice President. Mr. Tarrant has held the position of Senior Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales since 2018. ​ Darin Venosdel , age 52, Senior Vice President of Inventory Management, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 25 years. Mr. Venosdel’s primary areas of responsibility are Inventory Management, Purchasing and Store Design. Mr. Venosdel’s O’Reilly career began as a Programmer/Analyst and progressed through the roles of Application Development Manager, Director of Application Development, Director of Inventory Management, and Vice President of Inventory Management. Mr. Venosdel has held the position of Senior Vice President of Inventory Management since 2018. ​ David Wilbanks , age 51, Senior Vice President of Merchandise, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 10 years. Mr. Wilbanks’s primary areas of responsibility are Merchandise and Pricing. Mr. Wilbanks has over 30 years of experience in the automotive aftermarket industry. Mr. Wilbanks’s career began as a counter technician for an independent jobber and progressed to becoming an ASE Certified Master Technician for an automotive dealership, before accepting a position with AutoZone, Inc. (“AutoZone”). Mr. Wilbanks served AutoZone for twelve years as a financial analyst, Category Manager, and Director of Merchandise. In 2012, Mr. Wilbanks joined O’Reilly as Vice President of Merchandise and has held the position of Senior Vice President of Merchandise since 2016. ​ SERVICE MARKS AND TRADEMARKS ​ We have registered, acquired and/or been assigned the following service marks and trademarks in the United States: BENNETT AUTO SUPPLY®; BESTEST®; BETTER PARTS. BETTER PRICES.®; BETTER PARTS, BETTER PRICES....EVERYDAY!®; BOND AUTO PARTS®; BRAKEBEST®; BRAKEBEST HD®; BRAKEBEST SELECT®; CARTEK®; CARTEK PRO®; CERTIFIED AUTO REPAIR®; CHECKER AUTO PARTS®; CUSTOMIZE YOUR RIDE®; DEPENDABILITY YOU CAN COUNT ON®; DO IT RIGHT DEALS®; DO IT RIGHT REBATE®; EARN POINTS EVERY WAY YOU SHOP®; FIRST CALL®; FLEET & HEAVY 16 ​ DUTY PROFESSIONAL PARTS PEOPLE®; FORMULATED FOR TODAY’S ENGINES®; FRIENDLIEST PARTS STORE IN TOWN®; FROM OUR STORE TO YOUR DOOR®; IMPORT DIRECT®; IMPORT DIRECT OE REPLACEMENT PARTS®; KRAGEN AUTO PARTS®; MASTER PRO®; MASTER PRO REFINISHING®; MASTERPRO SELECT®; MASTERPRO UNDERCAR®; MICROGARD®; MICROGARD HEPA®; MURRAY®; MURRAY CLIMATE CONTROL®; MURRAY TEMPERATURE CONTROL®; MURRAY’S MASCOT® (Design only); MURRAY PLUS®; MURRAY ULTRA®; MURRAY’S AUTO PARTS®; O LOW PRICE GUARANTEE! ®; O® (Shamrock inside of “O”); OMNISPARK®; O’REILLY®; O’REILLY AUTO COLOR PROFESSIONAL PAINT PEOPLE®; O’REILLY AUTO PARTS®; O’REILLY AUTO PARTS PROFESSIONAL PARTS PEOPLE®; O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE®; O’REILLY O’REWARDS®; O’REILLY SELECT®; O’REWARDS®; ORIGINAL BRAND PROXONE EST. 2007®; PARTNERSHIP NETWORK®; PARTS CITY®; PARTS CITY AUTO COLOR PROFESSIONAL PAINT PEOPLE®; PARTS CITY AUTO PARTS®; PARTS FOR YOUR CAR WHEREVER YOU ARE®; PARTS PAYOFF®; POWER TORQUE®; PRECISION®; PRECISION HUB ASSEMBLIES®; PROFESSIONAL PARTS PEOPLE®; PROFESIONALES EN AUTOPARTES®; PROTECTION YOU CAN TRUST®; QUIETECH®; REAL WORLD TRAINING®; ¡SIGUE ADELANTE CON O’REILLY!®; SCHUCK’S AUTO SUPPLY®; SUPER START®; SYNTEC®; TOOLBOX®; ULTIMA®; ULTIMA SELECT®; ULTIMA SELECT MOTOR PRODUCTS®; WORK AT THE O®; and X® (design mark associated with PRECISION). Some of the service marks and trademarks listed above may also have a design associated therewith. Each of the service marks and trademarks are in duration for as long as we continue to use and seek renewal of such marks. The above list includes only the trademarks and service marks that are currently and validly registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. It does not include trademarks or service marks which may also be in use, but are not yet registered or trademarks or service marks used and/or registered in other countries. Except for the trademarks and service marks listed or referred to in this Item 1, we believe that our business is not dependent upon any patent, trademark, service mark or copyright. ​ Solely for convenience, our service marks and trademarks may appear in this report without the ® or ™ symbol, which is not intended to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right to these service marks and trademarks. ​ AVAILABLE INFORMATION ​ Our Internet address is www.OReillyAuto.com . Interested readers can access, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, through the Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov and searching with our ticker symbol “ORLY.” Such reports are generally available the day they are filed. Upon request, we will furnish interested readers a paper copy of such reports free of charge by contacting Eric Bird, Vice President of Finance and Treasury, at 233 South Patterson Avenue, Springfield, Missouri, 65802. ​ Item 1A. Risk Factors ​ Our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Although the risks described below are the risks that we believe are material, there may also be risks of which we are currently unaware, or that we currently regard as immaterial based upon the information available to us that later may prove to be material. Interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors, elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our forward-looking statements. ​ RISKS SPECIFIC TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY ​ Deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit and cause our customers and others, with which we do business, to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although demand for many of our products is primarily non-discretionary in nature and tend to be purchased by consumers out of necessity, our sales are impacted by constraints on the economic health of our customers. The economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment levels, a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. Many of these factors are outside of our control. Our customers’ purchases, including purchases of our products, could decline during periods when income is lower, when prices increase in response to rising costs, or in periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions or political uncertainty. If any of these events occur, or if unfavorable economic conditions challenge the consumer environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. ​ 17 ​ Overall demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket is dependent upon many factors including the total number of vehicle miles driven in the U.S., the total number of registered vehicles in the U.S., the age and quality of these registered vehicles and the level of unemployment in the U.S. Changes in vehicle technology used by the original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”) on future vehicles, including but not limited to electric, hybrid and internal combustion engines, may result in less frequent repairs, parts lasting longer or elimination of certain repairs. In addition, restrictions on access to telematics, diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the OEMs or by governmental regulations may force vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. Adverse changes in these factors could lead to a decreased level of demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ In addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities. Furthermore, the ability of these third parties to overcome these difficulties may worsen. If third parties, on whom we rely for merchandise, are unable to overcome difficulties resulting from the deterioration in economic conditions, the cause of which could include a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic, and provide us with the merchandise we need, or if counterparties to our credit facilities do not perform their obligations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. ​ The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Both the DIY and professional service provider portions of our business are highly competitive, particularly in the more densely populated areas that we serve. Some of our competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. In addition, some of our competitors are smaller than we are, but have a greater presence than we do in a particular market. Online and mobile platforms may allow customers to quickly compare prices and product assortment and availability between us and a range of competitors, which could result in pricing pressure. Some online competitors may have a lower cost structure than we do, as a result of our strategy of providing an exceptional in-store experience and superior parts availability supported by our extensive store network and robust, regional distribution footprint, which could also create pricing pressure. We may have to expend more resources and risk additional capital to remain competitive and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. For a list of our principal competitors, see the “Competition” section of Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. ​ We are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales. Our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions and natural disasters. Unusually inclement weather, such as significant rain, snow, sleet, freezing rain, flooding, seismic activity and hurricanes, has historically discouraged our customers from visiting our stores during the affected period and reduced our sales, particularly to DIY customers. Extreme weather conditions, such as extreme heat and extreme cold temperatures, may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts, while temperate weather conditions may have a lesser impact on failure rates of automotive parts. In addition, our stores and DCs located in coastal regions may be subject to increased unrecoverable losses resulting from regional weather conditions and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. ​ A change in the relationship with any of our key suppliers, the limited supply or unavailability of key products, supply chain disruptions or changes in trade policies could affect our financial health. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers’ ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. For example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them. In addition, the trend toward consolidation among automotive parts suppliers, as well as the off-shoring of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries, may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. We could also be negatively impacted when our suppliers or our supply chain experiences work stoppages; labor strikes; a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic; shipping and transportation disruptions or increased costs; currency fluctuations or inflation; or other interruptions to, or difficulties in, the manufacture or supply of the products we purchase. If we are unable to effectively respond to such disruptions to our supply chain, or manage them more effectively than our competitors, our business and competitive position may be negatively impacted. In addition, changes in U.S. trade policies, sanctions, practices, tariffs or taxes, import limitations and other factors relating to foreign trade and port agreements could affect our ability to source products and our suppliers’ ability to source materials or provide products at current volumes and/or prices. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ 18 ​ Business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, stability of systems we rely on, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business. Business interruptions, including from a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic, weather-related events, terrorist activities, war, political or civil unrest, or other disasters, or the threat of them, may result in a disruption of operations or the closure of one or more of our DCs or other facilities, or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory to our stores on a nightly basis. This may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty, among other things. Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the United States, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices. Such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ In addition, we rely extensively on various systems, some of which are provided by third-party service providers, to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our stores and customers. These systems are subject to failure, damage or interruption, including power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, security breaches or other catastrophic events. If these systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories, deliver product or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of these systems, and the response to remedy, could result in a negative impact on our business operations and increased costs, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ Failure to protect our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We believe our Company has built an excellent reputation as a leading retailer in the automotive aftermarket industry. We believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. Our reputation is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities; negative publicity involving the Company, our merchandise or our industry in general that erode customer trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and business. Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, accounting or environmental standards, or existing or future laws or regulations, as well as failure or perceived failure to achieve or make progress with environmental, social and governance goals, could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions from consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies, which could require us to incur substantial legal fees and costs. In addition, negative claims or publicity, including the availability of information and opinions on social media, as its impact is immediate, could adversely affect our reputation. The opportunity for the rapid dissemination of information, including inaccurate and inflammatory information and opinions, is virtually limitless and easily accessible. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. ​ Risks associated with international operations could result in additional costs and inefficiencies. In addition to many of the risks we face in our U.S. operations, international operations present a unique set of risks and challenges, including local laws and customs, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations and political and socio-economic conditions. Our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by these risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs and the distraction of management’s attention. Compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and protection of intellectual property rights surrounding items such as tradenames and trademarks in foreign jurisdictions can pose significant challenges. ​ In addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. Given that our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance. ​ RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK ​ Risks related to us and unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could affect our stock price. We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful indicators of our future operating results and should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. If our quarterly operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the trading price of our common stock could be negatively affected. We cannot be certain that our growth plans and business strategies will be successful or that they will successfully meet the expectations of these analysts. If we fail to adequately address any of these risks or difficulties, our stock price would likely suffer. ​ The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation. The stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions and potentially being targeted through the selling and buying of our common stock by a group of individuals, whose interests 19 ​ and reasoning behind such actions may not align with an average market participant. The market price of our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts’ expectations and failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. ​ In addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such companies. If similar litigation were initiated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business. ​ RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS AND FINANCING ​ Our debt levels could adversely affect our cash flow and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations. We have an unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes, which could have important consequences for our financial health. For example, our level of indebtedness could, among other things, ● make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including those relating to the senior unsecured notes and our credit facility; ● increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; ● limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in our industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; ● require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to service the principal and interest on our debt, reducing the funds available for other business purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures or other cash requirements; ● limit our ability to incur additional debt with acceptable terms, if at all; and ● expose us to fluctuations in interest rates, including changes that may result from the implementation of new benchmark rates that replace LIBOR. ​ In addition, the terms of our financing obligations include restrictions, such as affirmative, negative and financial covenants, conditions on borrowing and subsidiary guarantees. A failure to comply with these restrictions could result in a default under our financing obligations or could require us to obtain waivers from our lenders for failure to comply with these restrictions. The occurrence of a default that remains uncured or the inability to secure a necessary consent or waiver could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. ​ A downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our unsecured senior notes, as well as limit our access to attractive supplier financing programs. Credit ratings are an important component of our cost of capital. These ratings are based upon, among other factors, our financial strength. Our current credit ratings provide us with the ability to borrow funds at favorable rates. A downgrade in our current credit rating from either rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our unsecured revolving credit facility and a higher facility fee on commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility. A downgrade in our current credit rating could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our unsecured senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the unsecured senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue new notes in the future. In addition, a downgrade in our current credit rating could limit the financial institutions willing to commit funds to the supplier financing programs our suppliers participate in at attractive rates. Decreased participation in our supplier financing programs would lead to an increase in working capital needed to operate the business, adversely affecting our cash flows. ​ RISK RELATED TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND DATA PRIVACY ​ Damage, failure or interruptions of information technology systems could adversely affect our business operations and results. We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit and protect business operations, processes, transactions and data. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading or patching of these systems, applications or processes could adversely impact their effectiveness or could expose us to risks. Our systems, and the third-party systems with which we interact, are subject to damage, failure or interruption due to various reasons, including, but not limited to, power or other critical infrastructure outages; facility damage; physical theft; telecommunications failures; malware; security incidents; cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks and ransomware; natural disasters and catastrophic events; inadequate or ineffective redundancy measures; and design or usage errors by Team Members, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we seek to effectively 20 ​ maintain and safeguard our systems, and we seek to ensure our third-party service providers effectively maintain and safeguard their systems, such measures are not guaranteed to be successful. As a result, we or our service providers could experience one or more errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service impacting the integrity or availability of our information technology infrastructure. A material incident could significantly disrupt our operations and business processes; result in the impairment or loss of critical data; be costly and resource-intensive to remedy; and/or harm our reputation and relationship with customers, Team Members, suppliers and other stakeholders, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ In addition, our information technology systems, infrastructure and personnel require substantial investments, such as replacing systems, maintaining or enhancing systems or designing or acquiring new systems. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, incurring more costs than expected or implementation delays or errors, and may result in operational challenges, security control failures, reputational harm, and increased costs, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ A breach of customer, supplier, Team Member or Company information could damage our reputation or result in substantial additional costs or litigation. Our business involves the receiving, storage and transmitting of certain personally identifiable or confidential information about our customers, suppliers, Team Members and the Company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and suppliers. We and our third-party service providers and suppliers have taken significant and appropriate steps to protect this information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry and National Clearing House standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training and monitoring and routine testing of our systems. However, these security measures are costly and require constant, ongoing attention and may not prevent a security breach due to cyber-attacks, computer malware viruses, exploitation of hardware or software vulnerabilities, Team Member error, malfeasance, system compromises, fraud, hacking, trickery or other intentional or unintentional acts, which could result in unauthorized parties gaining access to such information. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. There is no guarantee that the security measures that we and our third-party service providers and suppliers have implemented, or will introduce in the future, to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, or provide us with sufficient visibility to determine if a data security breaches has occurred. A compromise of our security measures or those of a third-party party we entrust could result in information related to our customers, suppliers, Team Members or the Company being obtained or misused by unauthorized persons; damage to our reputation; adverse operational effects or interruptions; costs to the Company to address the breach, which could require extensive time and financial resources to resolve; or claims, litigation or possible regulatory action against us, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ In addition, the regulatory environment related to information security and data collection, processing, use and privacy is complex and constantly evolving. The effects of complying with stricter and more complex data collection, processing, use and privacy and information security laws, regulations and standards can be far-reaching and may increase our responsibility and liability, which may increase our costs by needing to invest significant, additional time and resources and make changes to our existing practice and processes. Failure to comply with data collection, processing, use and privacy and information security laws, regulations and standards by us or our third-party service providers or suppliers could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, lawsuits or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ GENERAL RISKS ​ We cannot assure future growth will be achieved. We believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. We cannot be sure that our growth plans for 2023 and beyond will be achieved. Failure to achieve our growth objectives may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. For a discussion of our growth strategies, see the “Growth Strategy” section of Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. ​ In order to be successful, we will need to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees. Our success has been largely dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel. In order to be successful, we will need to attract, retain and motivate executives and other key employees. Experienced management and technical personnel are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. In addition, we compete with other retail businesses to fill many of our hourly positions, which historically have had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. Our business, results of 21 ​ operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. We cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could cause us to be less efficient, in particular in a significant inflationary wage pressured environment, and, as a result, may adversely impact our sales and profitability. For a discussion of our management, see the “Business” section of Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. ​ Risks associated with future acquisitions may not lead to expected growth and could result in increased costs and inefficiencies. We expect to continue to make acquisitions as an element of our growth strategy. Acquisitions involve certain risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations. Examples of such risks include the following: ● We may not be able to continue to identify suitable acquisition targets or to acquire additional companies at favorable prices or on other favorable terms. ● Our management’s attention may be distracted. ● We may fail to retain key personnel from acquired businesses. ● We may assume unanticipated legal liabilities and other problems. ● We may not be able to successfully integrate the operations (accounting and billing functions, for example) of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational and other benefits. ​ We may fail, or be unable, to discover liabilities of businesses that we acquire for which we or the subsequent owner or operator may be liable. ​ Litigation, governmental proceedings, environmental, employment and tax legislation and regulations may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are, and in the future may become, involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and governmental and other legal proceedings, arising out of the ordinary course of our business. The damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ Environmental legislation and regulations, like the initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and bills related to climate change, could adversely impact all industries. While it is uncertain whether these initiatives will become law, new or more stringent climate change-related mandates, laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing mandates, laws or regulations could potentially be forthcoming. These matters, if enacted, could adversely impact our costs, by, among other things, increasing fuel prices or requiring additional expenditures by us or our suppliers to comply, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ Our business is subject to employment legislation and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage operating costs and identify opportunities to reduce costs. Our ability to meet labor needs, while controlling costs is subject to external factors, such as minimum wage legislation. A violation of, or change in, employment legislation and/or regulations could hinder our ability to control costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​ New tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could harm our business operations, results of operations and financial condition, and existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us, which could adversely impact our costs directly or indirectly through our suppliers and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. ​