Item 1A Risk Factors 7 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 14 Item 2 Properties 15 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 16 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 16 PART II Item 5 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 17 Item 6 Reserved 18 Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 32 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 33 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 62 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 62 Item 9B Other Information 62 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 62 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 63 Item 11 Executive Compensation 63 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 63 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 63 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 63 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 64 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 67 SIGNATURES 68 TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 1 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements PART I Item 1. Business General Target Corporation (Target, the Corporation, or the Company) was incorporated in Minnesota in 1902. Our corporate purpose is to help all families discover the joy of everyday life. We offer to our customers, referred to as "guests," everyday essentials and fashionable, differentiated merchandise at discounted prices. We operate as a single segment designed to enable guests to purchase products seamlessly in stores or through our digital channels. Since 1946, we have given 5 percent of our profit to communities. Strategy Our team, technology, and operations enable us to serve guests, fulfill our purpose, and drive business results through a durable, growth-focused enterprise strategy that differentiates Target in the marketplace. The six pillars of our strategy are: • Differentiating from our competition with our assortment of unique owned brands and curated leading national brands; • Investing to create an engaging, convenient, safe, and differentiated shopping experience for our guests; • Leveraging our stores as fulfillment hubs to efficiently meet our guests' needs, whether they purchase online or in-store; • Engaging with our guests through programs like Target Circle and RedCard to maintain and enhance our relevancy; • Delivering affordability to our guests; and • Leveraging our size and scale to benefit people, the planet, and our business, primarily through Target Forward, our enterprise sustainability strategy. Our recent growth in sales demonstrates the strength and relevance of Target’s strategy. Our strategy places stores at the center of our flexible fulfillment approach, with stores fulfilling more than 96 percent of total sales, which provides convenience for our guests at a reduced fulfillment cost. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 2 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Sales by Fulfillment Channel Financial Highlights For information on key financial highlights, see Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A). Seasonality A larger share of annual revenues traditionally occurs in the fourth quarter because it includes the November and December holiday sales period. Merchandise The majority of our stores offer a wide assortment of general merchandise and food. Nearly all of our stores larger than 170,000 square feet offer a variety of general merchandise and a full line of food items comparable to traditional supermarkets. Our digital channels include a wide merchandise and food assortment, including many items found in our stores, along with a complementary assortment sold by Target and third parties. We manage our business across the five core merchandise categories shown below. Within categories, gross margins vary depending on the type of merchandise. Sales by Merchandise Category TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 3 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements A significant portion of our sales is from national brand merchandise. Approximately one-third of our sales come from our owned and exclusive brands, including, but not limited to, the brands listed below. Owned Brands A New Day™ Goodfellow & Co™ Room Essentials™ All in Motion™ Hearth & Hand™ with Magnolia Shade & Shore™ Art Class™ Heyday™ Smartly™ Auden™ Hyde & EEK! Boutique™ Smith & Hawken™ Ava & Viv™ JoyLab™ Sonia Kashuk™ Boots & Barkley™ Kindfull™ Spritz™ Brightroom™ Knox Rose™ Stars Above™ Bullseye's Playground™ Kona Sol™ Sun Squad™ Casaluna™ Made By Design™ Threshold™ Cat & Jack™ Market Pantry™ Universal Thread™ Cloud Island™ Mondo Llama™ up & up™ Colsie™ More Than Magic™ Wild Fable™ Embark™ Opalhouse™ Wondershop™ Everspring™ Open Story™ Xhilaration™ Favorite Day™ Original Use™ Future Collective™ Pillowfort™ Good & Gather™ Project 62™ Exclusive Adult Beverage Brands California Roots™ Jingle & Mingle™ SunPop™ Casa Cantina™ Photograph™ The Collection™ Headliner™ Rosé Bae™ Wine Cube™ We also sell merchandise through periodic exclusive design and creative partnerships, and shop-in-shop experiences, with partners such as Apple, Disney, Levi's, and Ulta Beauty, and generate revenue from in-store amenities such as Starbucks, Target Café, and Target Optical. CVS Pharmacy, Inc. (CVS) operates pharmacies and clinics in our stores under a perpetual operating agreement from which we generate annual occupancy income. Customer Loyalty Programs Our guests receive a 5 percent discount on nearly all purchases and receive free shipping at Target.com when they use their Target Debit Card, RedCard Reloadable Account, Target Credit Card, or Target MasterCard ® (collectively, RedCards™). We also seek to drive customer loyalty and trip frequency through our Target Circle program, where members earn 1 percent rewards on nearly all non-RedCard purchases, among other benefits. Distribution The vast majority of merchandise is distributed to our stores through our network of distribution centers. Common carriers ship merchandise to and from our distribution centers. Vendors or third-party distributors ship certain food items and other merchandise directly to our stores. Merchandise sold through our digital channels is distributed to our guests through guest pick-up at our stores, via common carriers (from stores, distribution centers, vendors, and third-party distributors), and delivery via our wholly owned subsidiary, Shipt, Inc. (Shipt). Our stores fulfill the majority of the digitally originated sales, which allows improved product availability, faster fulfillment times, reduced shipping costs, and allows us to offer guests a suite of same-day fulfillment options such as Order Pickup, Drive Up, and Shipt. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 4 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Human Capital Management In support of our purpose—to help all families discover the joy of everyday life—we invest in our team, our most important asset, by giving them opportunities to grow professionally, take care of themselves, each other, and their families, and to make a difference for our guests and our communities. We are among the largest private employers in the United States (U.S.), and our workforce has varying goals and expectations of their employment relationship, from team members looking to build a career to students, retirees, and others who are seeking to supplement their income in an enjoyable atmosphere. We seek to be an employer of choice to attract and retain top talent no matter their objectives in seeking employment. To that end, we strive to foster an engaged, diverse, inclusive, safe, purpose-driven culture where employees, referred to as "team members," have equitable opportunities for success. As of January 28, 2023, we employed approximately 440,000 full-time, part-time, and seasonal team members. Because of the seasonal nature of the retail business, employment levels peak in the holiday season. We also engage independent contractors, most notably in our Shipt subsidiary. Our Board of Directors, through the Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee, oversees human capital management matters. Talent Development and Engagement We offer a compelling work environment with meaningful experiences and abundant growth and career-development opportunities. This starts with the opportunity to do challenging work and learn on the job and is supplemented by programs and continuous learning that help our team build skills at all levels, including programs focused on specialized skill development, leadership opportunities, coaching, and mentoring. Our talent and succession planning process supports the development of a diverse talent pipeline for leadership and other critical roles. We monitor our team members’ perceptions of these commitments through a number of surveys and take steps to address areas needing improvement. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DE&I) We embrace diversity and strive to give our team members equitable access to opportunities. We champion workplace diversity and an inclusive work environment with a focus on attracting, engaging, developing, and advancing team members equitably in order to reflect the guests and communities we serve. We monitor the representation of women and racially or ethnically diverse team members at different levels throughout the company and disclose the composition of our team in our annual Workforce Diversity Report and EEO-1 report. We set company-wide DE&I goals to drive progress in these areas. Developing environments where all team members feel seen, heard, and welcome to belong is part of Target's core value of inclusivity and is fundamental to creating an inclusive guest experience. Compensation and Benefits Our compensation and benefits are designed to support the financial, mental, and physical well-being of our team members and their families. We believe in paying team members equitably, regardless of gender, race, or ethnicity, and we regularly review the pay data of U.S. team members to confirm that we are doing so. Our compensation packages include a starting wage range of $15 to $24 per hour for U.S. hourly team members in our stores and supply chain facilities (who comprise the vast majority of our team), a 401(k) plan with dollar-for-dollar matching contributions up to five percent of eligible earnings, paid vacation and holidays, family leave, merchandise and other discounts, disability insurance, life insurance, healthcare and dependent care flexible spending accounts, debt-free education assistance and tuition reimbursement, free mental health services, an annual short-term incentive program, long-term equity awards, and health insurance benefits, including free virtual health care visits. Eligibility for, and the level of, benefits vary depending on team members’ full-time or part-time status, work location, compensation level, and tenure. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 5 BUSINESS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Workplace Health and Safety We strive to maintain a safe and secure work environment and have specific safety programs. This includes administering a comprehensive occupational injury- and illness-prevention program and training for team members. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we continued to invest in the well-being, health, and safety of our team members with a variety of mental, emotional, and physical wellness resources. We also enacted dozens of safety, social distancing, and cleaning measures designed to protect our team and guests during the COVID-19 pandemic. Working Capital Effective inventory management is key to our ongoing success, and we use various techniques including demand forecasting and planning and various forms of replenishment management. We achieve effective inventory management by staying in-stock in core product offerings, maintaining positive vendor relationships, and carefully planning inventory levels for seasonal and apparel items to minimize markdowns. During 2022, rapid changes in consumer preferences and supply chain volatility resulted in increased working capital needs. The Business Environment and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections in MD&A provide additional details. Competition We compete with traditional and internet retailers, including department stores, off-price general merchandise retailers, wholesale clubs, category-specific retailers, drug stores, supermarkets, direct-to-consumer brands, and other forms of retail commerce. Our ability to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers and provide compelling value to our guests largely determines our competitive position within the retail industry. Intellectual Property Our brand image is a critical element of our business strategy. Our principal trademarks, including Target, our "Expect More. Pay Less." brand promise, and our "Bullseye Design," ha ve been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. We also seek to obtain and preserve intellectual property protection for our brands. Geographic Information Nearly all of our revenues are generated within the U.S. The vast majority of our property and equipment is located within the U.S. Available Information Our internet website is corporate.target.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are available free of charge on the Investors section of our website (corporate.target.com/investors) as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Investors should note that we currently announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, or our corporate website (corporate.target.com). Information that we post on our corporate website could be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in us to review the information we post on these channels. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 6 BUSINESS & RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Information About Our Executive Officers Executive officers are elected by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. There are no family relationships between any of the officers named and any other executive officer or member of the Board of Directors, or any arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. Name Title and Recent Business Experience Age Katie M. Boylan Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer since February 2021. Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer from January 2019 to February 2021. Senior Vice President, Communications from June 2017 to January 2019. 46 Brian C. Cornell Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since August 2014. 64 Michael J. Fiddelke Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2019. Senior Vice President, Operations from August 2018 to October 2019. Senior Vice President, Merchandising Capabilities from March 2017 to August 2018. 46 A. Christina Hennington Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer since February 2021. Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Hardlines, Essentials and Capabilities from January 2020 to February 2021. Senior Vice President, Group Merchandise Manager, Essentials, Beauty, Hardlines and Services from January 2019 to January 2020. Senior Vice President, Merchandising Essentials, Beauty and Wellness from April 2017 to January 2019. 48 Melissa K. Kremer Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2019. Senior Vice President, Talent and Organizational Effectiveness from October 2017 to January 2019. 45 Don H. Liu Executive Vice President, Chief Legal & Risk Officer and Corporate Secretary since October 2017. 61 John J. Mulligan Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since September 2015. 57 Cara A. Sylvester Executive Vice President and Chief Guest Experience Officer since May 2022. Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing & Digital Officer from February 2021 to May 2022. Senior Vice President, Home from March 2019 to February 2021. Vice President, Beauty & Dermstore from June 2017 to March 2019. 45 Laysha L. Ward Executive Vice President and Chief External Engagement Officer since January 2017. 55 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to many risks. Set forth below are the material risks we face. Risks are listed in the categories where they primarily apply, but other categories may also apply. Competitive and Reputational Risks If we are unable to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We attempt to differentiate our guest experience through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, store environment, convenience, guest service, loyalty programs, and marketing. Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including guest perceptions regarding the safety and cleanliness of our stores, the value and exclusivity of our offerings, our in-stock levels, the effectiveness of our digital channels and fulfillment options, our ability to responsibly source merchandise, and our ability to create a personalized guest experience. If we fail to differentiate our guest experience from our competitors, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 7 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The retail industry's continuing migration to digital channels and multiple fulfillment options for consumers has affected the ways we differentiate from other retailers. Since consumers can quickly comparison shop using digital tools, they may make decisions based solely on price or convenience, which could limit our ability to differentiate from our competitors. In addition, providing multiple fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex, costly, and may not meet our guests’ expectations. If we are unable to offset the increased costs of new technology and expanded fulfillment options with improved performance or efficiencies, our results of operations could be adversely affected. To remain competitive, we must anticipate and adapt to developments and offerings by other retailers. Consumers may also use third-party channels or devices to initiate shopping searches and place orders, which could make us dependent on the capabilities and search algorithms of those third parties to reach those consumers. Any difficulties in executing our differentiation efforts could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we do not anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our results of operations and financial condition could suffer. A large part of our business is dependent on our ability to make trend-right decisions in a broad range of merchandise categories. If we do not predict and quickly respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, we may experience lower sales, spoilage, and increased inventory markdowns, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to predict and adapt to changing consumer preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on guest preferences, emphasizing relevant merchandise categories, effectively managing our inventory levels, and implementing competitive and effective pricing and promotion strategies. We have not always been able to predict rapid changes in consumer preferences and spending patterns, including those that were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has previously resulted in insufficient or excess inventory, increased costs, and adverse impacts on our results of operations. If we are unable to effectively adapt to future changes in consumer preferences and spending patterns, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members. We believe that one of the reasons our shareholders, guests, team members, and vendors choose Target is the positive reputation we have built over many years for serving those constituencies and the communities in which we operate. To be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve Target's reputation. Our reputation is largely based on perceptions. It may be difficult to address negative publicity across media channels, regardless of whether it is accurate. Negative incidents involving us, our workforce, or others with whom we do business could quickly erode trust and confidence and result in consumer boycotts, workforce unrest or walkouts, government investigations, and litigation. Negative reputational incidents or negative perceptions of us could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including through lower sales, the termination of business relationships, loss of new store and development opportunities, and team member retention and recruiting difficulties. In addition, stakeholder expectations regarding environmental, social, and governance matters continue to evolve and are not uniform. We have established, and may continue to establish, various goals and initiatives on these matters, including with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion topics. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve these goals and initiatives. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve these goals and initiatives or to otherwise meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations could adversely affect our reputation and result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us. Any of these outcomes could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Reputational harm can also occur indirectly through companies with whom we do business. We have relationships with a variety of other companies, including Apple, CVS, Disney, Levi’s, Starbucks, and Ulta Beauty. If our guests have negative experiences with or view unfavorably any of the companies with whom we have relationships, it could cause them to stop shopping with us. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 8 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements If we are unable to successfully develop, source, and market our owned and exclusive brand products, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our owned and exclusive brand products represent approximately one third of our overall sales and generally carry higher margins than equivalent national brand products. If we are unable to successfully develop, source, and market our owned and exclusive brands, or if we are unable to successfully protect our related intellectual property rights, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, our reliance on owned and exclusive brand products may also amplify other risks discussed in this Item 1A, Risk Factors, because many of these products are imported and we are more involved in the development and sourcing of those products. For example, owned brand products involve greater responsible sourcing risk in the selection of vendors, which can exacerbate reputational risk. In addition, owned brand products generally require longer lead times between order placement and product delivery and require us to take ownership of those products earlier in the supply chain. This exposes us to enhanced risks of supply chain disruptions and changing consumer preferences, which could adversely affect our results of operations. If we are unable to protect against inventory shrink, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our business depends on our ability to effectively manage our inventory. We have historically experienced loss of inventory (also called shrink) due to damage, theft (including from organized retail crime), and other causes. We continue to experience elevated levels of inventory shrink relative to historical levels, which have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our results of operations and financial condition. To protect against rising inventory shrink, we have taken, and may continue to take, certain operational and strategic actions that could adversely affect our reputation, guest experience, and results of operations. In addition, sustained high rates of inventory shrink at certain stores could impact the profitability of those stores and result in the impairment of long-term assets. Investments and Infrastructure Risks If our capital investments do not achieve appropriate returns, our competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. When building new stores, we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Pursuing the wrong remodel or new store opportunities and any delays, cost increases, or other difficulties related to those projects could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are making, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in technology and supply chain infrastructure. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling or building new stores, and might not provide the anticipated benefits, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For example, our stores-as-hubs strategy depends on adequate replenishment facilities to receive, store, and move inventory to stores on a timely basis. Underestimating our replenishment capacity needs could result in lower in-stock levels or increased costs for temporary storage. Conversely, overestimating replenishment capacity needs could result in inefficient deployment of capital. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 9 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements A significant disruption in our computing and information systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests. We rely extensively on computing and information systems throughout our business. We also rely on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet to use our systems. Our systems are subject to possible damage or interruption from many events, including power outages, telecommunications failures, malicious attacks, security breaches, and implementation errors. If our systems are damaged or disrupted, we may incur substantial costs, experience data loss or theft, and be unable to manage inventories or process guest transactions, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, in the past, we have experienced disruptions in our point-of-sale system that prevented our ability to process debit or credit transactions, which negatively impacted some guests’ experiences and generated negative publicity. We continually invest to maintain and update our systems, but implementing significant changes increases the risk of system disruption. Problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could adversely affect our operational efficiency and negatively impact our guests and their confidence in us. Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks If our efforts to maintain information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy are unsuccessful or if we are unable to meet increasingly demanding regulatory requirements, our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We regularly receive and store information about our guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents. However, we may be unable to anticipate security incidents or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware or software that we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects that could compromise information security, cybersecurity, or data privacy. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, deception, or other bad acts. Although we conduct regular training as part of our information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy efforts, that training may not be completely effective in preventing successful attacks. Our only significant data security incident was a data breach that occurred in 2013 and went undetected for several weeks. The 2013 data breach adversely affected our reputation and results of operations. Both we and our vendors have experienced data security incidents since that data breach; however, to date, these other incidents have not been material to our results of operations. Based on the prominence and notoriety of our prior significant data breach, additional data security incidents could draw greater scrutiny. If we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience additional significant data security incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant incidents, we could be exposed to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our guests could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, stop using our RedCards or loyalty programs, or stop shopping with us altogether, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. The legal and regulatory environment regarding information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy is dynamic and has strict requirements for using and treating personal data. Complying with current or contemplated data protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply, could cause us to incur substantial costs, require changes to our business practices, and expose us to litigation and regulatory risks, each of which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. Supply Chain and Third-Party Risks Changes in our relationships with our vendors, changes in tax or trade policy, interruptions in our operations or supply chain, and increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We are dependent on our vendors, including common carriers, to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. If our replenishment and fulfillment network does not operate properly, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, or if common carriers have difficulty providing capacity to meet demands for their services like they experienced in recent years, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delays in shipping and receiving merchandise, and increased costs, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 10 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements A large portion of the merchandise that we offer is sourced, directly or indirectly, from outside the U.S., with China as our single largest source. Any major changes in tax or trade policy between the U.S. and countries from which we source merchandise, such as the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products, could require us to take certain actions, including raising prices on products we sell and seeking alternative sources of supply from vendors in other countries. Any of these actions could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Political or financial instability, currency fluctuations, the outbreak of pandemics or other illnesses, labor shortages, labor unrest or strikes, transport capacity and costs, inflation, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters, armed conflicts, or other events that could affect foreign trade are beyond our control and could disrupt our supply of merchandise, increase our costs, and adversely affect our results of operations. For example, there have been periodic closings and ship diversions, labor disputes, and congestion disrupting U.S. ports, including in California where we receive a significant portion of the products we source from outside the U.S. We have from time to time made alternative arrangements to continue the flow of inventory as a result of supply chain disruptions in the U.S. and other countries. If these types of events recur, it could increase our costs and adversely affect our supply of inventory. In addition, prices of fuel and other commodities that our supply chain depends on are historically volatile and subject to fluctuations based on a variety of international and domestic factors. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices, as has occurred in recent years, could further increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. If services we obtain from third parties are unavailable or fail to meet our standards, our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on third parties to support our business operations, including portions of our technology infrastructure, digital platforms, replenishment and fulfillment operations, store and supply chain infrastructure, delivery services, guest contact centers, payment processing, and extensions of credit for our RedCard program. If we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our operations or if they fail to meet our performance standards, then our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. Legal, Regulatory, Global, and Other External Risks The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other similar public health crises, may continue to amplify the risks and uncertainties facing our business. The long-term impacts of the social, economic, and financial disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the government responses to such disruptions are unknown. In addition, the impact on our business of the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other similar public health crises, will depend on numerous factors that we cannot accurately predict. The long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other similar public health crises, may also continue to amplify other risks discussed in this Item 1A, Risk Factors, including risks related to macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence and spending, supply chain, information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, and our workforce, any of which could have a material effect on us. For example, the rise in remote working arrangements by our team members, vendors, and other third parties that began during the COVID-19 pandemic increases the risk of a data security compromise and has amplified our already extensive reliance on computing and information systems and unimpeded Internet access. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 11 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our earnings depend on the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence and spending in the U.S. Nearly all of our sales are in the U.S., making our results highly dependent on the health of the U.S. economy and U.S. consumer confidence and spending, which can be affected by a variety of factors, including inflation, interest rates, housing prices, unemployment rates, household debt and wage levels, and credit usage. In addition, the interconnected nature of the global economy means that international events such as armed conflicts, geopolitical conflicts, public health crises, energy availability, and market volatility can all affect macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. A deterioration in U.S. macroeconomic conditions or consumer confidence or spending could adversely affect our business in many ways, including slowing sales growth, reducing overall sales, reducing gross margins, and lowering our credit card profit-sharing revenue, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions or natural disasters and the impacts of climate change could adversely affect our results of operations. Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including the physical impacts of climate change, can affect consumer shopping patterns, particularly in apparel and seasonal items, which could lead to lower sales or greater than expected markdowns and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we have significant operations in certain states where natural disasters are more prevalent. Natural disasters in those states or in other areas where we operate could result in significant physical damage to or closure of one or more of our stores, distribution centers, facilities, or key vendors. In addition, weather conditions, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events in areas where we or our vendors operate, or depend upon for continued operations, could adversely affect the availability and cost of certain products within our supply chain, affect consumer purchasing power, and reduce consumer demand. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations. The long-term effects of global climate change are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. The potential impacts of climate change present a variety of risks. The physical effects of climate change, such as extreme weather conditions, drought, and rising sea levels, could adversely affect our results of operations, including by increasing our energy costs, disrupting our supply chain, negatively impacting our workforce, damaging our stores, distribution centers, and inventory, and threatening the habitability of the locations in which we operate. In addition to physical risks, the potential impacts of climate change also present transition risks, including regulatory and reputational risks. For example, we use commodities and energy inputs in our operations that may face increased regulation due to climate change or other environmental concerns, which could increase our costs. Furthermore, any failure to achieve our goals with respect to reducing our impact on the environment, or perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment, could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We rely on a large, global, and changing workforce of team members, contractors, and temporary staffing. If we do not effectively manage our workforce, our labor costs and results of operations could be adversely affected. With over 400,000 team members, our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain the appropriate mix of qualified team members, contractors, and temporary staffing. Many team members are in entry-level or part-time positions with high turnover rates historically. Our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as labor laws and regulations, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, benefit costs, changing demographics, and our reputation within the labor market. If we are unable to attract and retain a workforce meeting our needs, our operations, guest service levels, support functions, and competitiveness could suffer and our results of operations could be adversely affected. We are periodically subject to labor organizing efforts and activism, which could negatively impact how we are perceived by team members and our overall reputation. If we become subject to one or more collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect our labor costs, how we operate our business, and our results of operations. In addition to our United States operations, we have support offices in India and China, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our results of operations. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 12 RISK FACTORS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Failure to address product safety and sourcing concerns could adversely affect our results of operations. If any of our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or Target's or our guests’ expectations regarding safety, supply chain transparency, and responsible sourcing, we could be exposed to legal and reputational risks and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. Events that give rise to actual or perceived product safety concerns, including food or drug contamination and product defects, could expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. Our sourcing vendors, including any third parties selling through our digital channels, must also meet our expectations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency and responsible sourcing. We have a social compliance audit process that performs audits regularly, but we cannot continuously monitor every vendor, so we are also dependent on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy comply with applicable standards. If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of our standards not being met may increase. Negative guest perceptions regarding the safety and sourcing of the products we sell could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws, or changes in these laws, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our business is subject to a wide variety of complex laws and regulations. Our expenses could increase and our operations could be adversely affected by changes in law or adverse judicial developments involving our workforce, including an employer’s obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, minimum wage requirements, advance scheduling notice requirements, health care or other mandates, the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees, and the classification of workers as either employees or independent contractors. Our Shipt subsidiary is a technology company that connects Shipt members through its online marketplace with a network of independent contractors who select, purchase, and deliver groceries and household essentials ordered from Target and other retailers. The classification of workers as employees or independent contractors, in particular, is an area that is experiencing legal challenges and legislative changes. Our Shipt subsidiary has faced, and continues to face, legal challenges to its worker classification. If, as a result of judicial decisions or legislation, Shipt is required to treat its network of independent contractors as employees, we may experience higher digital fulfillment costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in the legal or regulatory environment affecting any other area of our business, including information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, product safety, or payment methods could cause our expenses to increase and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws, we could be subject to legal and reputational risks, including government enforcement actions and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Financial Risks Increases in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations. Several factors influence our effective income tax rate, including tax laws and regulations, the related interpretations, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. Changes in any of those factors could change our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our net income. In addition, changes in our operations both in and outside of the U.S. may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate. TARGET CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K 13 RISK FACTORS & UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements If we are unable to access the capital markets or obtain bank credit, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer. We are dependent on a stable, liquid, and well-functioning financial system to fund our operations and capital investments. Our continued access to financial markets depends on multiple factors including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and our credit ratings. If rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no guarantee that our current credit ratings will remain the same. In addition, we use a variety of derivative products to manage our exposure to market risk, principally interest rate fluctuations. Disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could reduce our ability to fund our operations and capital investments and lead to losses on derivative positions from counterparty failures, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.